You know what I do is I write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress up as a farmer or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
Today I'm here to talk about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that you get somewhere in place.
You only have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollywood.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle began in the middle school, in the middle school, in Stone, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they were beaten up to bleeding every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when I would get into the bathroom in the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go out of the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, I got a phone call from that master, Mr. Post who said, "I need to see you.
I'm deliberated that of adults we never met.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to go with this for favor."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, right?
And we went to see it, we laughed up, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we got it, and we care about it, and we went out of their family, because it was needed.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to me, she became a sentence box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, it had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I told you was made by itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure. And it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first tropics.
I was amazing.
My heart pounding, I was married, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The transforms around me surrounded water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was a snow of snow about another snow of snow year after year.
The terrorists are born when they fall out of the glaciers or you break the ice bars apart.
Every tree has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to laugh and they fall into the end, while others can't afford them more, and they fall into a dramatic passion barrel.
It's easy to think, when you see a tube, which are separated and alone, as much as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a turn is melt, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is melting releases fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I approached these trees as if it was about the portrait of my ancestors, knowing that at these times only there are that way and won't exist that way again.
It's not the death when they dellate -- it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the sea ice that I photograph is very young -- it's a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The latest pictures I'd like to show you is a temperature that I photographed in Kelly, Greenland.
It's a little bit often really often to be able to introduce a round eardrum.
You have it.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and its floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the ship has moved into the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a Greenland iceberg -- the average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of them knowing a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception.
Think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
And, in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X X of the egg.
Both of them are present and started life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my activity I tend to fulfill two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I am a story of training, and what I study in this case is the way people embrace anatomy -- I mean, of human bodies and animals, how the body fluid, the idea of the body, what you've thought about the body.
The other role that I performance in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate or, as I say, sometimes the impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with breast twins, two people inside one body.
I've worked with people with engineering -- people much lower than average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, and individuals whose physical biology doesn't fit into the male schemes and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it interesting.
Institution takes a lot of forms.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't lie in the common or male form forms in the forms of female or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with cyber mass base -- X whose gene Mr. of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the filter life, they become technological.
And then, in the focal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But since this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome.
So, there are high testosterone levels, but no reaction.
As a result, the body develops on a typical female course.
When he born, the baby looks like a girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing up and developing the signs, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone knows that something is happening.
After doing tests you realize that instead of having ovaries and terrorists, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
What's important to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like the men, we have in the body something called super-shelled glands in the body.
They're in the back of the body.
Superconductive glands produce angry, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me consider me a typical woman, don't know its cyber structure, I think it will be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to organisms.
We produce organisms and we respond to organisms.
As a result, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the organisms that the woman who was born with testicles that have the syndrome.
That's why sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the creatures are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways you can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a vary, and I had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, took a life like a girl, and I had just discovered that he had ovarian and and he had an air.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a supermassive supercomputer connected.
He had 20th chromosomes and in the uterus the superconductive glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genes were marketed, their brain was exposed to the seemingly male hormone component.
I was born with a child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal metaphorical, when doctors found that, in fact, it was woman inside.
Well, another quick example of an inspirational case.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what you know as objects, which is to say, they have an ordinary tissue wrapped in the testical tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies are law, symmetrical twins, or intelligent, they are being subjected to normal surgeries not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you meet several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity, allegedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophic.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people inside one body.
The recent case is last year with the South African corridor, Caster Sember -- he put his sex into the International Google Internet games.
A lot of journalists called to say, "What are you going to do to determine if Caster Sement is man or women?
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring an awful line between men and women or between men and internal men and women and interests, are us who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more the science advances, the more we need to admit that these categories were stable attacked categories that are running directly with stable identical categories -- are much more diffuse than we think.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows it.
As you see, we get in a scarce ground.
Let's look at the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do from the fact that it was just a few nuclei?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage probably are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today are the struggles at the beginning of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the faith of the photographs.
There are very high arguments today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within medicine -- about when someone considers death.
Our ancestors had never got to go with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if you moved still not buried yet.
So if I stopped moving, they buried it.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them into another body.
And, as a result, we should face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories in the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be hit like me.
I am a progressive, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it makes me nervous.
And I will think that these categories are much more unstable.
It's from the concept point of view of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first I have to admit that I am an amazing fervent of the Parents Force.
I know they were racists, I know they were sexuality, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much by watching that music cure 176, and not by music, which is totally possible.
That's why it happened in 1976.
The founding parents were, for me, the first anatomy activists and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as you all remember, what our parents reject was the idea of the monitor, the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power of the blood of blood to the father and then the child, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They looked at the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not analytical differences -- that was very radical.
And part of them were doing it because they were part of an embedded system in which two things.
The democracy was seeing democracy, and at the same time I was born science.
And it becomes very clear, if you look at the history of the Parents Foundation, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were dying out of supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that was transmitted by the right idea of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And the idea of animation.
And by doing so, they were sitting down the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeed.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Hall of Robert Treas, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who went to animal coincidence.
We see the same with the Disposability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions, we have to start asking why we keep certain gods.
But attention, I want to keep some of the academic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should join the anatomy.
I don't want to say that five years old, they were allowed to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep going.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why you keep it and make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two being known to the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings. We have both known to the 1980s exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time, July 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
For the single fact that I had been born three months before Mary is attributed by all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sex consent, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because I have a different biological age, but because I was born later.
We found other branches in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- although I haven't told you if it's X, in virtue of being considered man now is possible from the mandatory disorder that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary on its part, it doesn't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So you still have an academic category that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science will move so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democratic democracy in the anatomy could disturb it?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scared.
Where do we go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have chromosomes and to marry a woman you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice they don't do historical exams.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the institution syndrome to the organisms.
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have drawn a solution.
He says that we should judge people "based not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their character, going beyond anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the contents of their character?
I also want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people, because I have to admit that I know about some of the glaciers that probably deserve more the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that perhaps some of the words I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature choices about their sexual relationships that people from 40 I know.
So how do we put the issue of the content of character?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to drive this conservation stream in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iran in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed unless it's willing to be able to get a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I am glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years ago that he had been able to take them out and then pick them up and cut his fame.
But when the phone asked him the reason the operation of the operation, it was a very risky operation, he said that in that other country, these kids would be very marriaged, and so I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum. Instead of surgical separation?
America provides huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we need to be in your head.
Well, to finish I mean, I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist -- which is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic titans, in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interesting, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of how we think and operate in the world.
And what we know about transformative studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable inside the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the pull of mine, one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminist -- I was considered feminist, as now -- made me a strange plan."
"Tell me what the feminist has about female."
And I thought, "It's the dumbest question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with leaving gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I've thought about his question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something that is a little female in the female.
I mean, there might be something on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very attentive to find the way to protect people from the state, it's possible that to have injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the of the recorded support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the analogy, think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, let's think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007 I decided we had to reconsider how we thought about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they're worth much more than their building cost of construction.
So we could easily deliver to the world tens -- perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But you simply replace it for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were ordinary, and that in the other half it would still fail to achieve it.
They could try to increase the ability by doing expansions in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the Molas and the distribution of construction distributions.
So it would be very difficult to do all those expansions.
But you could go to a whole new place, build a whole new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction rather than putting it in.
So I proposed that governments create new enough areas of reform to contain cities and gave them a name -- cities.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 educators would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to wonder what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, I went through a conservative constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, I painted Lou and replaced with a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same time.
He asked Olympic to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDTalk.
Through a process of performance, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under structure to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the rules, like those rules that say that you can't go and go to all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need both of technologies like rules to progress. And usually it's the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's bring this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room.
I tried to explain this thing about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York -- look -- land that, in some cases, it's worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, Paul, maybe we could see the video of TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under the status is a place where you start with developed terrain land, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Houstons called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country.
He asked me to go to Tailway, and I would talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, that I tried to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denigrat and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denigh.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the edges that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody closed completely closed.
The faces of the public were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you so much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have it here in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains how essential a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could go to that could be in Hunnshom, rather than hundreds of miles away from North America.
And I also include new options for leaders.
Because the government leaders needed to help the help of associative countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them set up and make the standards of the structure, so that everybody could trust that the status effectively comes in.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
I could easily get a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, on January 19, they voted in Congress to promote their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress for this constitutional end was 1482 to one.
All the parts, all of the actions in society, broke it.
To include the Constitution, you have to approve twice in Congress.
On February 17th again in another vote, 1918 to one.
Immediately after the voting voting from 21 to 24 of February, a delegation of about 30 helps went to the two places in the world that are more interested in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new city center that is building in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything you see there was built in four years after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the same time allowed to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allowing its Court Super to be the state-of-the-art court for this new judicial system.
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is that they have a good number of the inhabitants.
There are many companies who want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go and get a job -- sometimes they are single mothers that have to win the money for just eating or buying clothes.
Sadly, sometimes there are kids who are trying to meet with their parents that haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you seem to think about building a new city in Hungarians?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What do you seem to think about to insist so that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my hydrogen friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED Thanks."
I'm Jesse, and this is my back.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to do a public trust, and it's that, I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brought address, colorful, and different for every time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is a second hand of subjects of the second hand and stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my story in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know an interesting person, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my look is unique, and buying it into my personal shoulders of injury.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my talent?
Will the color like the color?
It cost less than 20 dollars.
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Back to the theme of my back, I want to tell you what I made for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring someone who has all that role?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
The interior report for exactly a week is all I've put in my back.
I imagine it would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walked through TED in clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always look at 50 dollars.
All of the whole set including the jacket -- it took me 50, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Long: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you are around the right people, you don't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Mexicolos: Guatemala of the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that I play the destroying, or I remember their seven years.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you.
June: Congress is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably also true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there is no look at you can't attack.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Versians: A universal truth six words for you: the golden lentils go with everything.
And finally, I said, "I will develop a personal style of it, and it's a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approached this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
This is obviously not going to go into my little back.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to emotionally attach these things, because at the top of the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful and brilliant suit -- if there's a little love in my heart and looking for me.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So, if we used a scale to measure the optimism of each hemisphere -- we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical enough.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where would you get your brain on this scale?
Some of them would choose for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the members of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big app in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that it's mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just as most of the other other experimental physicists, we need a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We set up with them, and then we see how they react. And then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same.
And some intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be just in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that you play with that parking bar show you a valuable lesson -- and it's that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- such as they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it a theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point you found the physics some years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That wasn't very good at my intuition. And maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particles.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if it's all made out of small particles, and all the little particles are still the principles of quantum mechanics, so shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see has been in a quantum mechanical surface.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little metal trade.
What we see is a little bit of metal piece of metal, which is a transformation for supply in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this sperm with a swimming ball that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but it needs a little bit of aid.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I am in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want you to bother them, or actually start.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's the light that links it up and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it into a temperature of less than a degree per absolute zero.
Now, when you're only in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act like it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange forms.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way I was going to travel was like a breathing in this way -- as a form that expands and contract.
And when you give it a smooth push, we could make it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a virtual thing and it doesn't travel at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that metal piece of metal are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's only in the instant determinations when those guys lined up.
In the rest of the time they're delivered.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It's worth going into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that metal piece is roughly the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part to talk about.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you take your consciousness if your body was developed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And that's when we heat it, and we switched on the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece of piece.
And I could get to this new intuitions -- apparently all the objects in the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are just held in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound, it's more profound.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amin.
And 18 months ago I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and that allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
And so many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is access.
I grew up in India.
He took a great education, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better I show the demo for then to tell you a couple of interesting things that we have done from their launch.
So, just go to Goldan.
Look around all the museum that there is.
It's the Goldi Gallery the Momma, the Momma, the Resolution, the Vanchen Gog.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites to MetroScane, the New York Art Museum.
There are two ways to make it -- very simple.
We click and, "American: We're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay, or Mexico, that actually doesn't matter.
You move around and fun.
Do you want to navigate a museum?
And we opened up the plane up, and, with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They divergence."
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
I'm now in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Perimeter British Colleges."
I see the sign B.
If the museum shows you the image, we click out there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all of the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click up there, but I'm going to click up here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the giant technology.
So this image, for example, contains it, I think, about 10 million pills.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million pills?
So I'll show you what you actually get with 10 million pills.
It can make a zoo in a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But they would really want to profound.
So I started playing. And I found myself with something that happens there.
And I said, "A moment, this looks interesting.
I went into and found that kids were actually playing something.
I went up a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metrody, and I actually found that this is a game called innovation, which is to hit an ocean with a stick, the Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper into depth and you'll see that you can actually get even the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get the image, so you can actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is coming, a second.
So now we're rapidly going to jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite faces, "The Night Night."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this master's work?
It goes up and it really does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the startling night, I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "College."
All of you, absolutely all of you, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a handle, that gives you the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, I've created this function I call "The power of the zoom, -- we just made a zoo around it.
It's about the National Gallery in London.
You can deal with things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel about contemplating these masterpiece works.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is, all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from the museum.
Maybe I should not say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media make justice to its art work, and it's represented right online.
And the big question that you do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to complete the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening everybody.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pill, a flying lamp.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this photo, I am from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that there have happened something very interesting in the Carrotting Carden career in the last two decades.
So some time ago, if you wanted to win a Franklin one, you would take a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called control systems in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an access.
What's interesting is that real time systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics in it.
They are becoming computer in the air.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and active.
Accounting cities is a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's crust, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detections and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Alexander at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "Talk to Merha!
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
In a way, it's as though almost all of the existing atoms become sensors and activists.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo English.
You know, when Michelangelo sculpted the Moses -- it's said that at the end he took the hammer, and I thrown it to the Moses -- you can still see a little bit of a little bit of a little baby -- and he said, "Are you not speaking? Why don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and access something.
Let's start with detection here.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of the 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup the year.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of the Zeade gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity on the network.
Here's the city.
You see the Colorado in the middle and the Rome River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the early evening there are people over here and there they are doing calls, moving around.
It starts the party." silence.
Gulf of France. Gulf of Italy.
And so people do a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second time. End of rule time.
First extra time, second.
Zimi, and in a moment, the heart.
He won Italy, yeah.
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of the time.
And then everybody came down.
You see the image of the place called Circum Massach, where from the romantic time, people will celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- not about people, but of things that we use and consume it.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they are solved.
But we know very little about where things go.
And so in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the garbage in their deployment by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago, to tag what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are all signed.
And then we put a little chip, a table, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results that are made.
Get from Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
complicated things are happening and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if you look at every day that the cup that we throw out doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we throw on one day still still still follow.
That if we show that to people, then we'll be able to promote some behavior change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assamenta Bridge, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to access the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Garden.
It all started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, the new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was, imagine that they have a car and valves -- solemn values, languages that open up and shut down.
It's created as a water cut, with water piles.
If you drop the pixels you can write in them, show you patterns -- images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this by Mayor Bell.
He liked it a lot.
And it took a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Exploration.
We call it Digging Water Paper.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you hit it opens up so you can happen.
The roof also is covered with water.
And if there is a bit of wind, if you want to minimize the sales, you lower the roof.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days there will always be someone in the winter when you go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "You declined the building.
No, it's not that they have demonstrated it, but when it goes down almost all of the architecture disappears.
This is in work.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying not to try and try to try the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Garden came to the building because the way I interacted had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would be open to let me happen, but a building I kept making cuts and water holes and you had to jump out to not move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, always thinking about the use that people will give us to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pilots, the water pixels and the projections of them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter -- like the one we saw before, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
Sort of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what's changing is light, not the position of press.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared on different scales and sizes, different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could a cloud of pixels in 3D, which you can zoom in, and you can go through it, and you can see from the very different angle.
This is the true Congress control, going down to a Ven Veron, like earlier.
When the light, you see this -- the same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollywood -- one of the best dance dancers today -- the star of the New York City of Metas, to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for Florida.
So here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pills, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds, like a grain creation, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could get everybody to donate a little bit for a pill.
And I think how remarkable it has happened in the last two decades, is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed it -- we can move from the digital world, from the automatic power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people get involved in doing this together, collectively, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixel in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're press.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered from press.
You can move into the inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom of the bottom to share the main moments of the Olympics in 2012, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can get up, like a new summit of London.
You can get into there.
And as if it was a new digital face at night, but most importantly, it's going to be a new experience for anyone who's going to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for one more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better form, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure to themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like it?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Audience Member: Creativity." creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
It's probably due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would choose the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, most of them. That makes me feel very good as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or might it be possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, T.B. Doxburio, who also engaged in the East African Church wrote a trial called "No in biology makes sense except to the light of evolution.
But if you really accept biological evolution consider this: it's just about the past, or the future?
Does others mean or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an extreme one, it is, of course, the one that we are interested in.
We have a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hydrogen.
Some have gone and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It could seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin but it's the same protein, chemically indistinguishable -- that it comes out of the pancreas out of it.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria gut that the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damia raises the sub-Saharan and they think about bacteria things?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet -- it's very adaptable.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort for their parts.
It really is like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force that is forced to the output.
But for others, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you going to become something different, perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, animal kingdom, as one and only companies, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the interview part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I recently entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of the cell.
But when the multicellular organisms appear. Things start to change.
It comes into the sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of the sexual reproduction that happens genome, the rest of the body becomes predatory.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I was thinking, well, historically, service, death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, and every year I had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burnators, who still acted in Las Vegas well in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him, you find a magnificent dancing dancing dance.
He looks at it and says, "Come on a sex sound."
"It is fine." He says, "I choose space."
I realized, as a doctor, I was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily counterintuitive, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to restore health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary view of view, you and I are kind of like refugee rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next orbital level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the strongest or the faster or the most smart one.
Evolution favors the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only trial of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the remotely removed bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolved.
We've achieved a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been downloaded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have incorporated our environment for us to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated circle, and we are so sharpentificated that it's no longer possible to have the isolation needed to have evolution happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional type, natural types, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution roll fast, but they're unemployed.
And in the isolation, when as a species we have distant planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility, an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
The call negotiation, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you choose at the individual and family level.
Think about that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their breath, but in its own body to make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the approach?
Would you not want to make those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demanding 13 years.
It costs 2,000 million dollars.
Next year I had finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a whole sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to the 20 and a week.
I'm not going to take a lot to make the human genome for 1,000 and be more and more and more to the scope of all.
They come those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to be involved against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the flu influence in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good about the table?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine only two other little changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of their destination?
What if you could change the sperm and the classrooms, or change the really comfortable value, and give their children a better opportunity of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the humility, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also embrace supermarkets -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jones on everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why not have a faster concentration muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become evolution of before in the negotiation.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have in front of them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust or more robust and more released?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about it: we're going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit wisdom required to make these decisions saving?
For good or for worse, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 300 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making clarity, class, class.
classified, class, class. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 192.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "There is no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot lined the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
It shut the motors off.
Imagine being on a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most skilled words I've heard.
He said, "I will prepare for the impact."
I didn't have to talk about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life would end.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before you die, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come and didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
While I was thinking about that later, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Computer comes bad."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'll open it.
I don't want to applaud anything in life.
And that urgency. That purpose really has changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we were avoiding the George Washington Bridge -- which wasn't very much -- I thought about it, wood, I really feel a great joke.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity also give my ego.
And I regret the time I waste in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my wife, with my friends, with the people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonderful.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock going down, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces like you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go -- I love my life.
And that sadness came into a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  -- and screaming, like, closed, like a little bit.
And to me, that was all the reason about being the world.
At that point I understood -- by connecting those two points that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
On top of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was given a miracle of not dying that day.
And I got another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
You know, you're flying today, the challenge that you can imagine the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't be like that -- but imagine how would you change?
What do you do, they still wait to do because they think they're going to live for always?
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And the most important, are the best parents that you can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy called TEDTalks.
TEDTalk was one of the most important fractions in the '80s.
He came home to her house after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs."
And that was the beginning of the ALS.
Today TED has a total paralysis, today.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design and animation firm so that obviously graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony TED, TEDx, and their cause.
So I went and met her brother and her father and said, "We're going to give you this money.
What's going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk with Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and that he's capable of communicating with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that -- I saw Stephen Hawking, not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those disabilities?
And he said, "No, unless you are someone important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Anyone to see the movie "The England and the Marine?
They communicate that way. They are going to make it with the finger.
I said, "That's articulated. How can it be?
So I was presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, I didn't have the slightest idea of how I was going to cover it.
I was engaged with her brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treatment: Tony is going to talk -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in their inside can't communicate it.
So I talked about a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS "From Ready, which has a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser pointer draw on that and register the negative space.
So they're going around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come out, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First of all, you start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and, ultimately, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and much moving things on one side to another had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that you could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking, a machine.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call it a County because when I talk to the guy, you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy's fantastic.
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally every corner of the planet -- our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved into the back and these hackers and programmers and confidents and analysts took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid. And when we came back to the walls of the walls and in their place it would have grateful.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the cartoon of Venice, my son was a part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Editoring Everest, and you can see description.
It's a couple of cheap soils that we bought in the Marine Bay of Vancouver Beach, some copper wire and Hong Department and Radio Sharad.
We took a Psycho camera, we opened it up, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds one -- we post the free code -- the software goes down in a form form.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company.
There's no hospital that I can say, "No."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is someone else's room, and that's the room.
There was all this balance and oil during the great opening.
And then over a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions all night, Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking parking site.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends and would imagine what was the feeling in the parking season.
The funny thing was that we had to break in the parking lot, so we felt as if we were choosing the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to me and would take me out there so I could breathe, so I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
In some ways, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, development.
And we have a long way to run with this.
It's a cool device but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We have gained many prizes.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy -- "Oh, this is great."
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best of all this -- and this is what I end out to close the circle. It's in April of this year in the Mexico Center in downtown Los Angeles, there will be an exhibition called Art in the Hitts."
And Art in the streets is going to have the best exposing of urban art, Karnetback, Shakespeare Fardron, CAPYCARCML, all of them are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show, which is quite awesome.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Scratchmentic -- nothing was possible at a time.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition. I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people so that I could make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we meet something that we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, when, if I'm not me, who who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years driving in very difficult situations and at the same time a lot of dangerous.
I went to jail.
I worked in a coal mine.
Film in areas of war and difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to examine social questions in ways that are attractive, interesting, and, hopefully, analyze them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard it, or no, a couple of weeks ago, I took an airplane in Earth.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered in sale the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What I had was the following: "Dead She Promises -- my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and on content could be explored on the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company in doing it.
But I said this, it's a very good medical chance.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress.
So even with that speed, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing -- ability.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate me, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spanish" -- I want to make a film that deals from the collection of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with a collection of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest movie never selled."
What's happening in "The largest movie ever selled is that everything from the top up at the bottom of the bottom has a brand images, all the time, from the surprise that appears before the title, the X brand, from the subject.
Now this brand, Collant Studio, the State Center.
These people are going to be associated with philosophy for perfectional.
And so the film explores all of this idea, Michael Kasurhavela, is reductionist." Is it reduction? MK: Is it reductional for always forever forever.
I'm a redefine pen. MK: I just say that. It was more for fantasy.
It was "Period."
But we're not just going to have the X brand spread in the title but we are going to make sure that we can get all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most great shoe you've used.
The most cool car you've been driving in "The largest movie in the largest movie you've ever sold -- the best wheat you have, correct from "The largest movie ever selled."
Sacramento Koko, the idea is then in addition to showing the marks as part of life, making them finance the film? MS: To make them finance the film: MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The entire film goal is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO will help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that. It's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Google: However, I don't know how recent people are going to be.
RB: You have a perspective. I don't know if it's very negative, but you know how to reproduce? MS: No idea. David Coheral: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: One million and a half million -- (Audience: Very good. John Kama: I think it's going to be difficult the meeting with them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big markets.
RB: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of the movie we look like a lot of joyful languages.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russian: Most of the answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by film or to be I?
JK: Both things.
MS:  It means you're not very optimistic.
So, help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge: When you look at the people you have to do.
MK: We have some places where to go. MS: Okay. Turn the camera off.
MS: I thought I climbed the camera out and it meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
The camera means, "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought that the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new means and old media and the seduce of separate media, isn't the idea to tell that new amount of attention that is going to lead the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a card error and that error was this.
It didn't really have a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what represents this image.
See, when you look for images of transparency in Google --  -- this is one of the first images that come in.
I like your robot, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable. That is characterized by the visualization or accountability of information, especially in business practices, being the last line, perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians named the president, the name -- even the CEOs named the CEO.
But suddenly, when it's about making it really changes something changes.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that is still surviving.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is that risky?
I would eat a whole bowl of Coke Whoophist.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story.
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there is him looking at me as it used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wants to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Krishness from many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take the intervention and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to do is I suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to talk with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends that make big, huge, giant films and others who make small, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make Hollywood movies, giant Hollywood movies, they say the reason why their films are so successful is because of the associated marks that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, gigantic Hollywood films for them?
And the movie is called "The largest movie never selled."
How are we going to see Bang specifically in the movie.
Every time I am to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the Bangladesh desktop.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you cool for this interview of that?"
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm down.
Maybe you should put some of this before the interview.
And there he would offer one of these fabulous sands.
The "Parallel Fourth Fundament are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have both for man as a woman, solid to ball, in bar, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a powerful look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
It's similar to the kind of smaller films you said, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Bang to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the algae.
Man: We talk about something bold -- free.
I think "French is a great word that actually puts this category in positive policy "and smelly" and sweat."
It keeps you cold.
How do we keep your feet more time? With better anger, more free, three times more fresh three times.
Things like those who are the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-scale company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man on the street, people like me, to the ordinary Pepsillames.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm, my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: revive the 1980s, push marketering unless it is a washing day.
MS: All right, what's the German brand is?
German: Something unique. MS: Number one: Man: I guess the gender type -- the style I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, so many gray and things like that.
Usually I take accidents like sunglasses, or I like the crystals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation, markets.
Man 2: The brand I am, I'll call it capital flight.
Woman 2: In a part of hypothesis, in a part of a police, in part of Brazil, I don't know.
Man 3: I am the kind of motions.
I sold the pet toys in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Francisco fracture.
Is that anything?
Abuanoide: I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom, actually.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but often I get stuck in the intersection of dark glamour and capital flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the marketing personalize.
And I found a company called Solly Gallur in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Neanderthan, February, Halland to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Abraham: You bring the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings of self.
MS: These people are moving my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come out and start in a place and in my case, they come up and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is, "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being a sense?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like the weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about it, why does that serve us?
What's the mate? What phase phase is you now?
Why is it important? What does the red represent repeat?
Tell me a little bit about that.
It's a little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you have?
You don't have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Steven: Style." (CA: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience, MS: Great job. A, yeah. MS: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy.
Linda Zaman: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complex, in your brand personality -- the brand Morgan Spanish is a concertor brand.
They go very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other rather than focusing on both of them.
A lot of companies tend to have -- and it's human nature, to avoid the things that are not sure -- they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a deal and make them positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is classic classic, Apple.
And you can see it also here to Tarange, Wikipedia, Minister of Minister Coopers and Jettoma.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come, but a legitimate brand is something pretty powerful.
MS: A light brand market. What's your mark?
If someone asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a really angry attribute? Are you someone who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather an airport depressed?
A little more calculated, resistant, conservative.
And they are like being a player to be fresh to be French like the Prince, contemporary context, adventure, dare or bold like Rorologist Flowline, fast or gay, professional, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more of the abundant abuse?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 1976?
You're stable, traditional -- protection, protection -- you identify with Opportun?
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, confident, safe, sacred, some sale or wise. Like the Dalai Lama or You know?
In the course of this movie we had more than 500 companies, and they were willing and depressed, who said, "No." They didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of neurologist, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing as a movie for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned the advertising air.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no walls, there are no posters, no fly, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've been more successful are those in which I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands.
They took the interviews, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to do thinking about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did you go? Did they succeed.
Well, since the movie sits in the Sunday Festival we take a look.
According to Burrows the film is stressful in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a two and a half weeks.
That's only online -- no press -- no TV or TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's not online. It's not in stress.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to drive momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all of the agencies that we talk about was telling their customers not to be part of it.
I've always believed that if you risk yourself, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of the risk is preparing the whole company to lack reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, you go forward, I think we need to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a cover at a time, we have to hug the risk.
And in short, we have to support transparency.
Today, more than even honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We "Let's Do Transformation has been presented by my good friends of God who for 17,000 bought the rights of the name in Erik.
EM: Becoming big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
Text presents "The Transparent."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgana, in behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those 17?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a picture of the name of the TED matrix, the Sali Foundation, a cheese for 17,000 to be applied to my TED assistance.
The idea behind the Science computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the production plant in Nathan.
The gray boxes you see are control systems in real time.
If we can engage these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with centralized.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- it's a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a wearable computer used by an engineer to build this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stone.
We started with a Windows machine.
The oil goes into the gray box, damage the censorship, and the nuclear program Iran is demonstrated.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about Sembala six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing I knew is it's very, very complex in the Windows part of Windows -- the installation used multiple damage vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That struck us to attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stone and we saw what happened to this.
So some very strange things happened.
Story was behaving like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- she waves, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And then to experiment with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely directly.
The installation is actively looking for the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
You don't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we did the attack code, and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and big big.
We also saw that they were armed very deeply by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
They probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the installation of Sember is complex and high technology, let me tell you the payload is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attacks.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called to function of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at temperatures and data structures and tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about determinations that we could approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sandwich, it must be a valuable white white, and it's surely located in Iran, because that's where most infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils into the nuclear energy plant of Bush and the National National England.
So I told my assistant, "Take a list of all the experts in centralized centers and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to meet their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital bar with the control control.
The rotor is that cell part inside the central, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, you can certainly break it up and even make the prison explorer.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slowly and decorated in an obvious effort to come back to the nest maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital bar looking very closely back to the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 140 dollars in that code, cannot be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Nathan and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and each waterfall contains 140 centralized.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These conditions in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attacks code.
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there are no males." It wasn't like this.
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We were routinely going to go out on the streets and we had to start again.
Yet, we found that both digital Obama pointed into one and very objective -- but from different angles.
The small bar is taking a waterfall and making robots and rating them, and the big bar communicates with six strokes and manipulating tubes.
In short, we're very confident that we have determined what the determination is.
It's Nathan, and it's just Nathan.
We should not worry that other goals are achieved by Stone.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and you see the centralized.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which is still running during the attack, with false input data.
And, believe it or not, these fake input data are put by Stone.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds from presented video.
It's great Hey?
The idea here is obviously not just to force the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive, actually.
The idea is to break a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act quickly.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine goes through speed, you have to open up slums in a millisecond machine.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to it, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit it.
And neither the operators and security system will notice it.
That scares it.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is general.
It has nothing to see, specifically with conditions, with uranium engineering.
It could also work as well, for example, in an energy plant, or an autonomous factory.
It's great.
And you don't have a sense of the way -- which will disseminate this load with a USB key.
You could also use conventional water technology to disseminate it.
Give it the most possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a cyber of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Raisurden, it's done public in many sides that people assume that Mississippi is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langal, OK? Do you really want to hear this?
Yes. Okay.
My opinion is that the Mississippi is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supply.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, luckily, luckily, unfortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even greater.
CA: Thank you for temperating. Thank you, Rabbag.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken and give you humanitarian skills or another one that makes users get up and go back to walk.
In Berkeley Biosphots, we call these robots, exclusions.
They're not different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a big strength, which is also increasing your speed, and helps him, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on -- we start talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on your back a 45 pounds, and it's going to take you even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the matter.
Let me introduce you to the Hellow -- or Party Human Country Council.
Soldier: With the Hollywood exoskeleton I can spend 90 pounds of variable land for a lot of hours.
Their flexible design allows you to put on the calls and run up movements with great agility again.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Hith Britan: We're ready, with our industrial partners, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
Now let's look at it to the users of wheelchair chairs, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair, around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens often -- very young people, with damage in the vertical column that at the beginning of their life -- the 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that is rapidly moving.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury.
And this has been so for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the Elephans who are using Amanda Bolt who 19 years ago had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Moleta: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAMs, which I mentioned.
It's got some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the board computer, here in the back.
There are also some batteries that give the motors to the motors in the hip. And in the knees and make it go forward with this soft and very natural string.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing down the bottom of it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost every feeling and every single movement of the fish down.
Shortly later, a doctor came to my room in the hospital, and he said, "You will never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last hope of hope of my being.
And the technology of adaptation since then, has allowed me to learn how to deliver cost down in schedules, climbing rocks and even riding in a hand.
But they've invented nothing that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future of future generations -- not just from soldiers, but to Amanda and all the wheelchair users to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the Festical man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in the Congo forests of Congo.
The Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives, their closest lives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their advantage.
But unfortunately, we've done too much spread in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying, Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox. A land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the trend itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been taken for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonds that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, on this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these cousins.
We know them as the apes make love -- not war -- because they have a frequent sex -- promise and bisexual to manage conflicts and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Holy Star.
Bonos, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
play is not just a child's game.
For us, and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to state.
With him, we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavior diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken out of the wild.
First of all, it's a bomb game game, and I don't talk about soccer ...
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a performance.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "You've got it about the balls."
Only I think in this case, he loves him, right?
Yes.
So sexual play is common as well as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like technologies, and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more quiet -- imaginations, curious, maybe the place where the awe is reduced.
And I want you to see -- this is Public, a young female, who's playing with water.
I think that, like it, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outdoor worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us about our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation company.
To adapt successfully to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage the maximum of our game?
The game is not free.
Play is essential.
For bonuses and humans alike, life is not just cruel and depressed.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, it can be the moments in which it's the most pressing thing.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York City, I'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain of captain in a body of voluntary bombs.
And, in our city, where volunteers often have a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high chance to go.
But there was still a race race against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was cooled in a conversation with the owner that he certainly took one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the middle of the night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a partners, on painting, show, while her house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just gotten before I was -- we call it Leonard Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog -- I was so cell."
There was a lawyer or a gesture of money that, for the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I came into a building in a call for saving a live living because they won me for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an adds.
He said, "Best, I need me to come back home.
I need it to go up, turn the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I went. I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, and I went to the real firemen that I was in the height of the height, and they had finished putting the fire off and entered the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the ladder where I met my November and the precious dog in the main door.
We took out of the house the drops for the house of home where, as I was waiting for his book to get much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the door of home by grateful by the brave effort to save her home.
The kindness that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had reached them even a couple shoes.
Both in my vote in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer firemen -- I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from act of grace.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved or they are for achieving remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, I'll tell you now.
They serve food in a dining dining park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So they go into the game -- they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Bees: Thank you.
This may seem strange but I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that they fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LECO came up with this.
It was called the automatic assembly barrel.
And in a few years, the LGBT bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or homes.
LGBT made it accessible.
LGBT simply adopted the concrete block of the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
In the meantime, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to be advanced," the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would lead us from a world of static brick and put together each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block -- the transistor allows to create much greater and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are resisted to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Altimors.
Let me show you how they work.
Litera is electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they join by magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the comes, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the close.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green one, and very quickly you can start to do older circuits.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button for a pulse module that's here, and now we have an interviewed light.
We added this temperature to create more impact and have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple game, Americans are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sunlight, Americans allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
In order to get faster or slower. You simply turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind antidepressants is that it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world to reduce bricks to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motor panels -- everything must be accessible.
We have given Altimores to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light of night works, or why the door of an elevator stays open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We also have led Americans to design schools.
So for example, the designers without experience any experience in electronics start playing with Altimores as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and fish, we have George to create.
(Audience sounds)  So a few weeks ago, we carried the Rhode Island School designers, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, an active conflict cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a long plane that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Americans became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be in the grasp of all.
So Altimilities have open source.
You can visit the web page, you can download all the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company sought to engage with the environment focusing on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mmmmitch. Wait for a moment.
You can fold a little bit in charge.
We can be able to get better the video to one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, I know the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they're supposed to do, we ask them to work in government.
The initiative was called Code for American and it would be like some Peace Buddhas for technologies.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the manufacturing.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them into the wild world world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show you the possibilities of today's technology.
meet All.
That's a city of Boston.
So here it appears as if I look for a date, but what I really look for is that somebody is clean when they hit the snow, because it knows it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by one meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help in this very simple way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of Code for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogen.
But one of the members called Erik Michaels, I noticed something else: that citizens cleaned with sticks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, I developed an application.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept cleaning it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case he put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can remove.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads a viral way.
One responsible of Homo City systems when you saw this app realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt signals of tsunami.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens take the designers off.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction, in organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know that this doesn't normally happen.
Social acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that having done it by the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the Jewish power of California that until time has cost 200 million dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
That's why an app that shows up in a couple of days, and it spreads in viral form is kind of a kind of warning of warning to the government institution.
It suggests the best ways of working -- not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
That is, without restrictions in open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way we tackle the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a technological institution but as a problem of collective action.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just Code for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They have not been given for the government.
They feel a big frustration before that, but they don't complain about it, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings on politics, the row at the DMV "The American Methy, and all of those other things that put us crazy -- the government is essentially in the words of Tim Rockett: "What we do together because we can't only be done."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I'll ask you to reconsider it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change the government.
And because the government in the last insight of us -- remember that from us, the people? The way to think about it will affect the way of producing change.
I didn't know much about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is to choose people so that it takes loads of charge.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is about grassmassors.
This is the center of telephone and information telephone care.
It's the place that you call the calls if you mark 111 in America.
Scott drew this call.
In the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the gates in the house, put some good music and see if you go?
And it worked. So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the graphics.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an application and websites and cell phone, called "Congraining Connecticut."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the New urban Microsoft Medical Medical Medical Organization.
One day, this really happened, comes up with this request -- "Britain in my garbage bucket -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to take it out?
The Diamond Connecticut dynamic is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In Congo Connecticut, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbors.
The next report said, "I came up to the place, found the garbage cube behind the house.
Gration? Yes. alive? Yes.
He turned the cube around. I went home.
Good night, grassland double."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the definition technology definition.
I talk about a platform for people to meet and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key paper.
He connected the two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being necessary but neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we have the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think you're the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of the 14-year-old surface.
At the bottom is what we call audience.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that device that keeps us from that that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our contract, that other thing, and in a consequence we're losing power.
People believe politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes Oxford Oshio.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the request of the financial reform for the financial reform.
That's not political activity, it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been resistant to the government, it's time that we wonder what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get to where we need to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of us?
We can't make a government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the reason that government function so that it can expand by beating civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so difficult to act manifestation, you only have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 so I am, to religious, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost to granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
You can express their opinions at any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem you don't care much to make their voices heard.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that do better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrogen, taking weeds up, dumping a garbage cube that has a rare inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogen hydrophones, and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers. We're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We are more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a voice, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death.
I've spent most of my life in marketed communities and projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here have impact around the world.
Sometimes if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean, because I think identity is truly important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations here.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it is if it's carefully, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it was power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started a lot of the documents in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia about 1800.
She was born over the 1880s, and her experience with slavery was the way I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was a little kid, I looked at her, she came up and I was going to get a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then I was solved.
One or two hours later, he went back to look at it, and he came up to me and said, "Broom, do you still feel my abuse?
And if I said no, I grabbed again, and if I said yes, I left me in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is, I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
Sometimes when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running around.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins there.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at it finally.
At first I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, he came up with the room, he took me out of my hand and said, "Go Bradley. We're two are going to be converted."
I remember this as if out yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Britana, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mam."
She said, "Now I'm sure you wouldn't get it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brazil."
I said, "Yes, Mam."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to be promised is you always want your mother."
Adam, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise that you will always be careful."
As I love my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to be promised is you will always make the right thing even though the right thing is the difficult?
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I will."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to be promised is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in rural south -- I have a brother a year old and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14, 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I took it, grabbed my sister and I went for the forest.
We just got to make the crazy computers.
He took a beer source, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister as well. Take a beer.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good, you can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's wrong with you?" Take a brain."
I kept looking at it with force and continued, "Oh, not you're still thinking about the conversation with Mama."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mary tells all the grandchildren who are special."
I was disappeared.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be spread widely away.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken an alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue. I say it by the power of identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that they really don't see meaning.
We can't get them to do things that don't think we can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressured during the production.
My uncle died from diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that we had to engage with.
Now, I'll try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than what it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in medical freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much designer, so much despair.
One in three black books between 18 and 30 years is in prison or conditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, Washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all the color young people are in prison or conditional freedom.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a court system that is much better about if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, but it requires what the results are.
And it looks like we feel very trees.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you provide them from rights forever, if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they were approved the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you feel children from 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for kids, no possibility of coming out.
Right now, we're in a process of some limitations.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In a sense, have you taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by crimes?
Very very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the crimes, but if we deserve killing.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine people executed has identified one that is innocent that is excited and released from the corridor of death.
A rate of error -- amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to paint airplanes if every nine that you would wake up, you would have to be a star.
But somehow we just isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that it started at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted to the Second World War.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being released.
They were worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you paint talks -- speeches -- give people to stop saying that in our history we designed for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No. I'll say we grew with that."
The age of terrorism continued -- obviously, with security and decades of racial sub-Saharan and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death row.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers went after my presentation and said, "You know it's good to hear what you say."
Adding, "We don't have death row in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room went in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentionally and deliberately, we were going to be able to run people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany would run to people, especially if they were mostly Jewish majority?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect yet.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these things that are so hard, positive and wonderful things are -- though, implication.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are engaged by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my view, it needs to integrate both things.
We just talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the leaves, those who will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in some ways, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
The development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the conventions of the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at us not only in brilliant, delivery, but also in dark and hard.
Vacitar Harvard, the great chef leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we had all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit, a willingness to be in the despair sites and be tested."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is basically in the heart of what I believe, even in communities like TED, it must engage us.
There is no related disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exploration, inequality, inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are simply meeting to talk.
Occasionally, lady Carlow called me to say, "Britana, comes the Parachute Mrs. We're going to come together to talk.
Do you want to come and hear it?
I said, "Be lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come in?
I said, "You listened to them."
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very virtual, very lighting.
And at one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks headed to me and said, "Now, Brand, I give you this idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving me my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end with the feelings of life, without a medical freedom for children.
We try to do something about death row.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end with mass engagements."
I gave him all my best speech, and when I finished looking at me, he looked at me, and he said, "You know, Mammo mammal mimoreno.
And he said, "Be an absolute, very excited."
At that time, Ms. Carlow leaned up, he put my finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very, very valuable."
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find the way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because the humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst that we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie. It's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a land.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a murderer of it.
So I think there is a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's how it isn't.
I really think that in many parts, the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic. Very beautiful, very light, very unified, it's not going to judge us for our technology, by our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capability.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich and powerful and privilege, but because of the way they treat the poor, the contents, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really deep issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel developed -- I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much power.
It was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of direction.
I go to prison and I see my customers from 13 and 14 years old, who have been able to judge them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what it isn't it?
The judge did it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night I was willing to think about it, by God, if the judge can become something that you are not supposed to have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a model.
I had a 14 years old, a little, poor, black client.
I started working in the music, with an entrepreneur that said, "Mose for my 14-year-old black client is treated as a private 75-year-old privileged white white organ of a corporation.
And in the mosque I had been able to have an underlying behavior in the application, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was an attractive line about how in this country there is no ethic but a whole lack of ethics.
So the next morning, I woke up thinking that insight piece would be a dream, or really I wrote it?
For my horror, it wasn't just redistributed, but he had sent it to court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided -- oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went into the car and I felt truly excited, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and heavy.
I finally dropped out of the car. He walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a senior black man -- it was the judgment of the game.
When he saw me, she came up to me and said, "Who is you?
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Is you a lawyer? I said yes.
And so I get appropriated and hug me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was virtual.
That was connected deeply with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this mouse mouse?
I said, "Yes, Mr. went off, and we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all indicated.
I was the one I had written those crazy.
They came up with the police parties, the autonomous performances.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the living room was full of people -- all rural because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye I got to see the convenience that I went and came in.
He looked down the window and he was able to hear all of that series.
I kept walking over here and there.
And finally, this old black, with the face of concern, went into the room and sat behind me, almost on the table of the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a receiver.
During the depression a string of the sub-Saharan state was shown because the convention had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood up, I looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I've got this audience room to tell this young man to keep his view on the goal with fire."
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds into justice.
That we can't really be humans evolved if we don't worry about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to other people.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be linked to the about amount, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that you keep the view in the goal of privacy.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious wish in the audience, from this community, to help in your purposes to do something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
KS: There are several opportunities close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reflection of this spring in which an effort is going to be able to recreate the funds that are spending today.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars in death row in the next five years. One billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the homes of hypothesis don't conclude in arrested.
Eighty-five percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
So this is going to propose that these funds are going to make the law, to security.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe that it is?
MS: Actually, the rate of criminal criminal has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass engineering in this country is not for crimes.
It's about the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the prison population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the period of percentage, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources go back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you have been excited about it today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Lick: grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Lockheed 2: Hamburger in Somalia. Locker 3: The police is painting O.C.
Announcer: Paradese contracts. Letting the Lockoship 5: The death crosses.
Announcer: Social decision. Society 7: 65 dead.
Announcer: Tailer Alexander. Lock 9: Citizans.
Several locks: War to embryon. mass destruction. Torture.
Recently. Bank. Finance. Egyptian judgment. Egypt.
crisis, death, disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamonds," these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- they certainly could be for the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the media press prefer to give you negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first paradox of all of that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called a family.
And the amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
I ordered the whole information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So for a dozen stories we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old reference of the present, "If there is blood, sell, it's very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news, seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pessimistic.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world is going to be worse.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe instead what happens is we get districts.
Perhaps the enormous progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, species extinction -- the scarcity of water and energy -- certainly we have.
As humans, we are very good at engaging the problems, and in the long time, we end up with them.
Let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, average income per capita per capita has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Furthermore, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting them higher and taller.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile air and cars.
The slums of the last century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of so low.
So supporting a lot of this is technology and, ultimately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes up with information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the performance of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
For that reason, the cell phone you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, at recession and depression and along.
It's the result of quick computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop at any of the big challenges.
And although it's mapped in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is itself faster and faster.
And in this curve, at Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinary technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends at Audience call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, the vaccines, the vaccines and the AIDS.
I mean, how many saw the victory in "Japanese Jewish in IBM?
It was pigeon.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I'd ever had.
And I love this: Watson sells to human opposites."
Jewish is not an easy game.
It plays with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everybody in the mobile.
Four years ago, at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singularity University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can they be used to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or service, that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would be abstract.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create fancy life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and it turns it out.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Nanopatch II in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited to dinner the king of Sim.
Nature troops ate with silver, and the same Nanopatch, with gold.
But the king of Sim, ate with aluminum covered with aluminum covers with it.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it was worth more than gold and planning.
For that reason, the tip of the monument to Washington is of aluminum for it.
You see, although aluminum is eight percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's linked by oxygen and synthetics.
But then the electron came up and made the aluminum so cheap that we use it as if it was remotely.
We project this analogy to the future.
Think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet bathed by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 terms of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scarcity. It's about accessibility.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the generation, 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents the hour per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about wars for water.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan was pointing up the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after Saturn.
I took a famous picture. How was it called?
"A pale "place?
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of the water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 50 percent of the water on the planet, but here's an hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nationalism.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the British -- I'd like to share with you, gave me permission to do -- his technology called Stanford -- maybe you know it, is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any water source, which is contained contaminated water, a letter -- for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola has just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence in which it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell a smart cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
She lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- CPS video, images, images, books of books and music, digital diagnostic technology -- now they're distributed and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes when the health applications arise.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Colombia Foundation something called the X Collaborator Collaborator -- 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they speak with, and because it has A.I. -- they can hold blood out of the finger.
To win has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the midst of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the mobility charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent workers of health.
When this device sequence is a RNA virus or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the health of health, and first of all, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand of seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, I'll go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you hear the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What will you use? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we'll have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And you will get more health thanks to Treatful, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can it give us three billion more than members of humanity, polite and productive health?
How about some voices never before?
What if we give them the opposed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
So what will these three billion dollars?
What if you're contributions that we can't predict it?
One thing I learned with the X prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that previously only could do the big corporations, and governments.
I'm going to end by sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Folding.
It came up at the University of Washington in Seattle.
It's a game that people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein will be folded in.
The folds determine the structure and the function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a superconductivity problem.
They've played with this university professor, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it's shown that the recognition machinery of human pattern recognition is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power today as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the British innovation.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The current point of partner.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I will give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes ...
He was here, as you know, in 1871.
Maybe they believed that chasing points, but it didn't.
It actually picks fish.
And he described one of them as very common."
It was the surface.
I was very sorry.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the US.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has no special stuff.
But the case is, we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prosthetic.
Following folks still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the celebration of the painting.
Because I was there in 1971.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't from there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The link was surrounded by palms, and you can see, from a few mangrove magnets.
There were about 20 inches -- black barbaria.
And the fish of this target was very abundant and it was happening for a good moment, so it was more than half the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had halved.
They killed the five centimeters away.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the farmer fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s. Well, it started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
fishing development was supposed to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fish, imposing the industrial fishing.
And this boat is called the Mutical four.
I went out to fish on him, and we did studies in the South Central Sea, and especially in the sea of Japan.
What we captured was something inevitable.
Now we captured it, I know, the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponsors, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs about the rest of it, remains that are fish reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck and then it was touched.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very rapidly.
In a year, you do a study and then the commercial fishing begins.
The background happens to be a solid funding of coral, in this case, to be a pulse.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them. They downloaded them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I wasn't still saved.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what they collect every time you go to an area where they've never fish.
But it doesn't stay documented.
We transformed the world, but we didn't remember it.
We adjust the point of partner, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like that.
On the axis -- and we have good things -- biodiversity, amount of orbit, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images in the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate it forward.
The difference is that you perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the source of changes.
And at the end of the way to keep a few mistakes out.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that's very abundant before extinction, is just a little bit of a frequent before.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose some frequent animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of great fish.
They become little frequent because we fishing.
Over time, there are just a few fish but we think that's the part of the party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they would expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some people presentation, such as captain and such a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or usually not using the scientists in fish because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instrumental societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge paper that can be a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
We prescribe the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has been cut, and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine zone, and you can benefit from the vision that you provide from, which allows them to erase their point of partner.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access like the Middle East, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema might be able to fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a Samana Bay simulation simulation here.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Capaa Bay 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that kills and totalities are like "American."
And if you think about "Amarken," if you think about why people were moving into the movie -- not talking about the story of Polichine, why do you move with the images?
Because it takes something that, in a sense, it's lost.
That's why my recommendation -- the only one I give, is Cameron -- to make "American "Internet under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trends, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why video videos get viral and what importance has that.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- singer, comedy -- when I was younger -- that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, on a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
More than 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage is made, it gets infinity of visit and it gains cultural manual.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends, communities of participation.
Well, let's start with.
Berlin Valley: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Ohmo, wood.
KA: Last year, Peter Vapula published this film film outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction on the population of the past summer.
Berlin doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Tomorrow Mountain Berlin.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimming.
Jimmy Kimming published this tissue that catches the video to popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimming presented us with new and interesting things, and they give them a wider audience.
Rebecca Blackberry:
Veronica Brownian Verchen is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Ray rainbow. This video seemed to have come from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask about those other peaks -- it's also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday.
Well, I took it Todall, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Microsoft Science Thremezon, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parts of Versas on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the traditional entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon and doing something new with that.
"Nich Carter: It's a repetitive animation with a music of a corner.
So, that's it.
This year, you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there is a three hours version that you've seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet technical community.
There were removes.
Someone did a version to the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remixing that made this happen from being a silly joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy ourselves, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Robertime are doubled or Bruno Captain or "Nick Cart?
What would you have written to have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video is coming up with a minute of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this big video of a guy who protests against the clothes to cyclist in New York City, I admit that I didn't care too much.
Casey Nine: I was driven by no circular by biomaterial, but often there are obstacles that prevent you properly by biopiction.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Newton made five million see and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Berlin Valley: What does this mean?
Ohlah.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators, the creative communities of participation, the whole unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, from a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity itself.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bernette, started on YouTube.
They didn't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they are barely the ones in the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still getting around.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drama, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique unit of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine it while the communist companies come into Saudi, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, would now be beaten.
It was refugeed in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in the past, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to blow up, but we did it.
And the next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you kill quietly to the sea.
My mother, Maddy, was only 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two little girls.
For her, life had gone to a significant task -- the escape of her family and a new life in Australia.
It was unconscious for her that I couldn't get it.
And after a four years old that I challenged the fiction, a boat went into the depressed sea of fishing flow.
All the adults knew the risks.
The greatest fear were the paranoids, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a press with poison.
If we were captured first, we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the property diving on every wave, and the very empty and empty horizon.
I don't remember the parties that came several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our ship, or the engine dying and not being able to run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who you collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we broke in Mellonia.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations making a new life together.
We set up in French, a kind of working class whose population is comprised of immunity.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I did, in Frace, had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the stores were from the rest of the world.
And the free English fragments were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT Technology of Information Technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assembled, and established an extra tutoring in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take away, which was usually new clothes, always a second hand.
Two pieces of middle school, one to hide the holes.
A school uniform to the tolerances, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird singing and painful singing on the "short eyes, and some graffiti -- "Stations, come home.
So home, where?
Something in me is settled.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhaustive every night, but we told us about our day, and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmare, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be a station and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, and inflective kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and spreadsheets.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, it implemented with what I was demanding from myself.
On the other hand, I was entered in precipitational lives, traditionally replaced by violence, abuse of drugs and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And because of that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected the young Australian young year.
And I was catching a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit down.
So I was so resistant by French, and it was now so Muslim, refugee and social activity, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard names, and in houses whose existence had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols ...
I didn't know how to use the covers here.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retire the routine and the comfort of life in an iconic suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, getting on the day of each one and running asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had the same age that she had when we got up to the boat.
He never had been an option.
"Do it -- "They said, "And you're not what you're not."
So I talked about juvenile description and education and density to the marginalized and the developed.
And the more frankly I talked about it to talk.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my freedom, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time it's okay to be a stranger -- a newly arrived, new thing in the scene -- not only right, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the pressures of your provider.
I gave the enough step out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is delivered, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that they wouldn't have been allowed to have been allowed to be extremely encouraging.
There was an energy there, an optimistic mixture of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
And I put a little group of people out of people who the motto can't do it was a irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, he made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked all the way down the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ideas, and we opened up.
It took the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved me, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when the confusion was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who cared about.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17 it became a conference of a Mandela whose mother was hitting her.
No support of his husband, it causes a revolution to demand it and take the cause itself, and much more recovers when they won.
He can't do it proven to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, at 1,000 miles, in Mello.
I looked through the marker of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Frace and sat around his box.
We tell him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a man came up and told us he had to close the box.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the money, "Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand since the morning, he said.
"You've got no standards."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Because we were and how life forced us, now we can see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easy.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for right?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right one.
Can I give you a little bit in their lives, diving out a brave on each wave -- the very constant rhythm of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and see them, I would do it.
Triel Nelson, and also the mother of so is here today in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Randolid about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi singer Muslim Ali silk.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the age of the old Indian employee "The Maudar."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel out to a car, and we climbed the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I was Armira, the great Indian warrior prince had silk, he took an arc and with a flow on the ground, he got water.
We now do the same with tantors and machines.
The conclusion we had was that the machine had replaced magic.
And that became a lot of fun.
Every time I felt a little bit more temple.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an advertisement if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to allow me, not kill it.
As my little girl, my grandfather gave me his pilot platform clock.
And this 50 year-old piece of technology was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images and parachutes and grooves in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phones and the cards of luxury and the cameras prevent we are.
They were from our inspiration.
So I launched me, I brought up this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books from the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device capable of connecting to the readers of the whole world.
You can know how we took the book.
Where we are.
Put the text together with image, animation and sound and touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiculturatory.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khay, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I get your fingers on every light."
And so --  He says, "This box belongs to the name." I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several times I get a letter -- the iPad.
My inner girl is excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but that magic of childhood -- those ideas we embrace from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So over here, we need to include the iPad.
And actually, illuminate your way into the rest of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a girl was that a whole galaxy was in a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I dragged into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, flux, and I guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book also revealed it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the shows.
We all have heard of the facts and the nunces, but how many people outside India know their Indian conferences, the showers?
These poor parts have been trapped in the camera cameras for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary childhood story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, attached to their CPU, haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can bring our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure in which you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of clubs and stones, guidelines and contacts.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual ritual -- you have to go out and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you then can put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a correspondent and says, "Oh, today I saw a road."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken away.
Within the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we want to have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad and the video, and through the increasing reality, you see a group of animated strands that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At one point the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow it up to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where nature forces are completely intertwined with technology and magic and technology coming to each other.
We took the energy in the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic, joy and child love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University of Radio was to go to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she raised a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody -- or maybe not everyone, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi thing. It's very simple.
It has a fire of fire and off.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge of getting to 95 kilograms as much.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health information.
And my doctor of it has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when it needs cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style but looking at it backwards.
But there's something else.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi thing, and before I go up my car, people start to talk to me, Life, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs, and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little balloon connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients take a position, they come back to control and be captains of their own ship, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the cost of medical attention, demand diplomacy and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by creating.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic boxes are in Machine.
It's also where all the gas gas.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DEC to help this patient?
Let's ask but nobody else.
Nobody knew where to get the DET saving lives right now.
What we did was do creative in the Netherlands.
We created a website website, and we asked the public to say, you see a DEC, please send it to you, and then when it's open, because sometimes you open up in offices of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 TEDTalks were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lake, augmented reality, to find these DECOS.
And every time you're in the city of Marian and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks will use your cell cell from Microsoft to find the nearest DEC, what can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this -- not just like DEPT 14, which is the name of the product, but also like DJC.
And we would want to start it globally.
We're considering all colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the control of the DNA around the world.
Every time you're from vacation and somebody collapse, it can be a patient or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DETA.
It could be a message service or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA is still in their place.
Please help us in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed with my previous passion by the drawing but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in planning the process.
And when you take a picture with a camera, the process ends up when you press the popular.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the power.
Photos like this: a construction in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful, at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realistic.
And when I say realism I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that can be captured but I always want it to seem to have been captured somehow as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Is the details or the colors?
Is the light?
What is the illusion of the illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly imagined objects, something that we all can relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combine in some way can create something that seems three-dimensional -- as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process when I combine photography.
It's really about combining different reality.
And the things that make a picture look realistic I think are those in which we don't even think, things around us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, they have to have the same kind of light.
And these two images meet with these requirements, they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is compared.
This is another example.
It could think that this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal thing, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put on the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a stone piece.
And yes, even I did red the house of the top of the island to make it look more Sweden.
So to achieve a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning for it.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a card mine.
I'm not so interested to show you the details, but the general aspect of that.
It's an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microbial microbial materials versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as many other people we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude at the performance scale.
To talk about technology with secretary curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird happens.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please look at the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logo scales.
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where, let's say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to do, the diagram would be a ridiculous thing.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you plot me, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a secret curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as microbial, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a related growth than every few years of orders of magnitude.
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't usually follow.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It's one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like that.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like that.
It will be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and I say, what is that new way that I embrace the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember as a child, the future happened in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been engaged, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it's all so different that it will extrapolate what we're doing today makes no sense.
So I want to talk about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experiment.
But to do that I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computing.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The scale of time in which I'd like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back two billion years when Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that float around them.
If you look at the way those chemicals are organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes on its inside.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the materials from the outside, and so the drops grew up.
And they began to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil droplet rooms.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random chemical recipe of it.
And every time you divided up, they took an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they have.
So every single vote was a little different.
In fact, the drops that they somehow differentiate being better than the time to incorporate the computers -- they grew more, they raised more chemicals and more divided more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented to them.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things got interesting when these drops learned the trick.
In some ways that we don't understand very well these rocks learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate for.
What's amazing is that that writing system seems to be stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did only for fun. We can now write things with this code.
So here I have 100 percent of white dust that I try to hide the security people in the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code. The code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragment and I amplified it at 10 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of them for all the presents, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a staircase, I would have put it in a virus, and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step, right?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things got very different and was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the cell communities.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, it involves antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and put them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to be formed in communities that, in a way, were together in it, and they set up a synergy.
That way they survived or failed together, or whether a community was very successful every individuals in that community were more and more favorite for evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that they came together and they decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have many cells that no longer act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart of the heart, or the ones of the brain, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and made more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They began to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that are processing the information that those cell communities build.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmitting information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat some fruits because I knew wrong and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information processing structures that by evolution had learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system build those information structures speed up enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now occur to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in your head.
I'm here sitting here emitting a few grades, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and trust, in your heads that saved some analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated we turned it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstraction.
We now spend a similar period of military organisms -- we abstract our methods of records, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the I.T. -- the video tape, CO2, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that ties us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of God in which he produced some evolution with the program of the University, in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took took a billion years each.
The next step, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language, took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is retreating -- I guess automation is the right word to name something that will accelerate its own pace of change.
The more changed, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this expansion of the curve.
We see the process in the process.
But I make my life design computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I job to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent hackers.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to design me in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Tinkering Machines, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that you could before -- it gets much further away and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it uses methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random facility.
And we say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence sequence from instructions?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions at random, run all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could reach two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that did the task better?
Let's take those and eliminate the rest.
And now we want the ones that are the best numbers.
And we went back to play them by following a process of analog technology to sex."
Let's take two programs, which are children, who exchange suburbs, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
He categorized again.
It involves some mutations.
And it tries again and it tries with another generation.
Well, each generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But they make the food.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Marie Mindselves and he took a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't make you feel treated?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we began to depend on computers to make different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that you have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make a much faster computers, and so you can run these programs much more rapidly.
So it's retreating it.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it looks so cool.
Because all these technologies get retreated.
We're shooting.
And we are at an analog moment of the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular.
We're the boats and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the inflection point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution.
And I think we all are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before I get rid of me.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've run enough time to allow me to get a part of my fake prosthetic in that.
Before I tried the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end of the World Service.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
He's going to go out to "Brown the rules and talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300 -- a bottle that bathes 300 battles.
That means that basic baseline effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught? And anyone who's trying to launch it to the first base -- it doesn't get to time, and the second foundation will be saved.
10.
Do you know what they call a 300-percent bat in the Great Ligeria?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how a 40-year-old baseball bathroom?
By the way, that's someone that 10 hits -- it turns four.
Legonia, like the legendary Ted Williams legendary -- the last General League Player of baseball to run 400 hits in a regular regulator.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have approaches and they are driven to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record in approach.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and one being dear has two bored coronary arteries and your family doctor led to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200 percent.
But you know what?
She's actually improving this year.
They have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think you should be the average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon, a nurse or a genomics?
One, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows about a good surgeon, of a doctor or paralyzed.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and it included, with the willingness to be perfect.
They never, ever made a mistake and press to figure out how to do well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer observer student.
Once a fellow in the high school said that Brian Golden studied to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little defense, in the nursery of the General hospital nurses in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Of my anatomy class, memory and muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the art, the diagnostic difference and the usual difference.
And I even knew the difference of difference about how to clarify kidney curiosity.
And as much as I put more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I heard from medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to the whole thing, because I would get rid of mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to Mrs.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiac service.
And when you first requested a cardiologist I got to attend that patient.
And it will inform the chief of residents.
When I saw the Dranote Mrs. I was walking.
I heard a regular sound.
And when I found it, I heard a solar sound in both sides of it, which gave me a congestive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pump blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty breathing.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
I gave him application and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave it diagrams, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid place.
And in an hour or two, she began to feel better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I made the first mistake -- he sent it to her house.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
She sent her to her house without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't get the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was called my boss and hold it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to give a complete information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even touching my boss without even touching my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that said, "Golden, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure.
And the nurse thought and then he said totally natural, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if out yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradigms took it to their house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that point I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service at home.
And there was another nurse -- not the one I took care of the Drandon lady before, but another one -- he told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency doctors have.
Other specialists are afraid too, but there is a participation in emerging and is that we see the patients.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his home?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she went back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the verge of death.
At the end of an hour of having come home, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called the 911 -- the paradigms brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 millimeters in Haiti, which means a severe shock.
He barely broke and was blue.
The emergency staff goes all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial vents.
I was confused and divided up to the cord.
I had a mixture of feelings, because after they would stabilize it was in intensive therapy and hoped against every hope that it would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resistant to what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let it go. Mrs. Drama and wife, mother and grandmother.
They say you never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was stuck for it, and I experienced for the first time the evil embarrassment that exists in our medical culture, and I felt alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame, because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The malignant embarrassment I talk about is the one that makes us feel very wrong inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't because of my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I save things and make sure that they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss for? Why did I send her to her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so shocked?
Why chose medicine?
Little by that feeling was spreading.
And I began to feel better.
And in a cloudy day, he opened the sky and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I did the efforts to be perfect to make it perfect to not make any more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And so it was.
He went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto, and I got a 25-year-old man with a pain on the throat.
I was very busy and approved.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat -- I was a little bit color.
He gave him penicillin, and he sent him to her house.
But while he went to the door he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guardian shift, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I put the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient that he saw by a pain in the guard?
So he came back and didn't have a constant fragment.
I had a potentially deadly approach called electronics.
You can look for Google -- it's an infection, not from throat, but from the top air source, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't die.
You get antibiotics for interview and recover for a few days.
And they went back to the same period of shame and reports, then I was relieved and returned to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same course of urgency.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation of it.
They ordered a radio X-ray but it was normal. A colleague that was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, and he called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
They ordered liquid to removed and asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it up, and when you noticed some sensitivity in the lower right, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was seriously, I was getting away.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a beauty.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
One, shame and support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach you this to make the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course you will hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a tumor in my hospital announced the wrong leg, believe it would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial.
It's the system where there are two positions -- those who make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep -- those who can't sleep and the ones that you know, the ones that have the results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about difficulty and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical trial and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto, to my program, White County, Black Art Black."
And what I learned is that mistakes are obvious.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, in which one in 10 prosthetic drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disparity is not right. In a system where the influential infection is increasingly more, and more numerous by providing chaos and death.
In this country, 44,000 cents are killed by empty medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it comes about bored substrancences, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update us.
So sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to do a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest pain in the chest, it comes crazy with closed eyes and with alcohol to alcohol and all of a sudden, my story is a design of contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things as usual.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, not left.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their own more serious?
In my program." White art, black art, is a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake: I would tell you all, from the paralysis to the chief of heart surgery -- this is my worst mistake: blah, blah, blah. What are your mistakes? And I would steer the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go down the head and they would bring out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a rounded medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine doctor is human, you know human, it accepts it, and it doesn't be proud of its mistakes, but it is effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everybody benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes human beings to direct the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes in a while.
My name is Brian Golden.
I'm a redefine doctor.
I'm human, make mistakes.
I feel it very much, but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember.
Do you know how many decisions take any day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to pick up a medium American, are about 70 a day.
Not a lot of ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are presented by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 133 jobs a week.
Now, naturally, every job included a lot of meanings.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about their choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the nine minutes category, and how many of you at an hour of time?
How does the way it makes those decisions.
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the activity, choose to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem about the optimism problem?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, he wrote this very high level supermarket -- at least in that time was very sophisticated.
It was called Drama.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard. Over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 embarrassing water, and this was when we took water from the flu.
I loved going to that store, but at one occasion, I asked myself, why never buy anything?
This is the rise of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different kinds of classes including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy go right to offer all these options?
He pointed out the buses filled with tuberculosis that came up every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment.
Space.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a post to say, just the entrance of the store.
We put out there six flavors -- or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what case people were willing to stop the meritoc?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a metal show.
So here we find the opposite effect.
Those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy merographer.
Those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought merry.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy meritoched if they found six.
Well, to decide that we don't buy a merity probably it makes us, -- -- -- -- is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choices of choices affects us in very good decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the subject of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Harvard Humbons, Eric Symphony and West Janes, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, between about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available on planes for retirement storage, the 404 program, they demoralize people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a corruption.
We had 657 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of funds, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you wanted to.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate of participation downloaded the percent 60.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, more people were involved to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As much more choices, they were more willing to invest in terms of financial facts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences of offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, which is still going to go against the interest itself.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though they are objectively better.
The main reason is we have to look at that giant variety of massive, mustard and wine and mercy, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that stunning exhibition.
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse in their business.
The first is, Cory.
They've heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, which less is more.
People are always upset.
You care about losing space in the angle.
But actually, what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of weird redundant choices, there will be an increase in sales -- you will go down the costs -- there will be a better experience in choice.
When Proteomic & Gamble went from 26 different kinds of Head & Seans to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Corpetive Cart corporation removed the products for catches that were less sold, they increased the uses in 87 percent, by two causes -- higher sales and fewer costs.
You know the supermarket today, on average, offer 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart. It's about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest stores in the current world is Alicona and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce show.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is David Libya plant, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a safety fund of life.
You really want to pick up 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that people often say, "I don't know how to cut around.
These are all important options.
The first thing I do is ask employees, "Tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do their customers.
This evening, before I started this session, I was talking about Garden.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience to some vacation with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the offer.
(Machines assembled: Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
They're not more?
Well, I'll show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I really hit more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second one, but I can go ahead and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the operation of choices, which is Congress.
So that people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must feel very living, very cool.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when it uses debit cards or credit cards than when it uses effective?
Because it doesn't seem to be real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Sharch Benjamin and Allen Present, about personal CNN people who worked in CNN -- these people were in a meeting where they were putting on a 400 plan.
And that meeting, which we set out exactly how it was used to it, we made a little addiction.
What we added was we applied the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the 201 percent of the articles and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts, about percent.
The third technique is Claring.
We can drive more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Black supermarkets throughout the northern corridor of the northeast, the assembly of magazines can contain from 330 different kinds to 66.
But you know?
Because rating tells me how to tell them.
These are two temperatures of jewelry.
One is called "Japanese and the other, "Symbol."
If you think the one on the left is Switzerland and the one on the right is Jack, give a palm.
(Machines assumes: Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Switzerland, give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan, and the one on the right is Switzerland. But you know what?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something that you choose for, not that you define them.
And you often see this problem with those huge financial lists.
Who are you supposed to be informed?
My fourth category, Congress complexity.
It turns out we can manage much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase the complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, buying a car.
This is a German carbon maker.
You have to take 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options.
Color, outside color of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, the change box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions.
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, to a few times, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many choices.
And what am I going to look at.
How are you so involved.
If you can always touch the button of a decision in every decision, this indicates you are obviously, or it's lost -- we're losing them.
We find that the ones that go from many choices to a few choices -- they take the button for the back and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order in which the information is presented in.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose.
Although the pick up the box of changes don't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the optimism survey problem, cut, eliminate strange alternatives -- conclude, make it real. Clarified, we can manage more categories with less choices, to connect the complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented them were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when you choose it.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter typewriter I had to register it to the government.
You had to register a piece of text of example with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of the text.
If they found a writing with the wrong message they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we didn't know that someone could do this, how much this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color laser from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some printed yellow dots on every page that makes it out of one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to take a lot for it.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can fix the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals.
So Mr. Dimeyea Goldbear from the city of Keith in Ukraine.
The chimps cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money, huge amounts of money.
There are really lots of millions of millions online, multiplayers, who make money with their attacks.
This is Ladening Tomorrow, from Taras, Stone.
This is Alfred Govern.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Brigade Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tatala Albanian etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through banking treatments to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this sir, Sam Japan, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jane will be supported -- he knows his paradox.
And I say today it's more likely that any of us are victim of a circulation than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going from wrong to worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we see today is not motivated by the money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have collected in the last 12 months taking a role in the attacks online.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that make it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Digging.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Digital is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Declaring it the last fall because of a sandwich.
They stressed the security of the site and they painted a cyber card.
Last week, I said, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack of the attack.
And the answer of it was yes.
So how do people die because of a attack of these?
Digital is a critical authority.
They sell certificated.
What do the certificates do?
Well, you need if you have a website with helicopters, services encrypted ST: services like Google.
Except that they intercept a foreign certified authority.
And they emit the appropriate certified.
And in the case of Digital happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the roof of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this folder called "CBS:
And within that portfolio there were notes of a company with side in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the country's citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But the Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple weeks ago, the Stone School -- a terrible terrible used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspect in a criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the Syria School to infect our computer with a terrible territory to allow them to see all of the communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think about it in things like this, the obvious answer should be, "Well, it looks bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would we care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play of privacy.
Privacy is not arguing about.
It's not a question of the privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
So if we could trust our governments today in 2011, whatever right we are now going to be forever.
We're going to be blindly confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you need to worry about over the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south of National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National Park in Nairobi has no fence in the bulk of the south, which means that wild animals like the cells migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of those who killed at night, and as soon as we got up in the morning and we found it dead, I felt very bad because it was the only earthquake we had.
My community, the mass, we think we come from heaven with our animals and all the land to patent them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up hate a lot of lions.
They die are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset.
So kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, in the age of six to nine years, is responsible for the winner of his father, and this was the same thing that was happening to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions would give them fear.
But I realized that it didn't really survive, because I even helped lions to see the storm away.
I didn't laugh. It continued.
A second idea was to use a paradox.
I tried to deceive the lions to think it was near the stage.
But lions are very clever.  They came the first day, and they saw the patriarching, and they left, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the state with a torch and that day lions didn't come.
I found out that lions are afraid of the light that they move.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would try and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
Army everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supplies the electricity to the little indigenous box. I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights decline.
As you can see, the light bulbs go out, because that's where lions.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights spill and they send the lions to think I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got trouble with the lions.
And the homes of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
And she had killed a lot of animals on the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see at the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now for all Kenya, to scare other predators, like hyena self-interests, legal, and it's also using the electronics of the farms.
Thank you to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, International Browne School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
It even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses they don't have, and I taught them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a boy in the slides of the savanna kicking my father's cows and used to see airplanes fly, and he told me that someday would be inside one.
And today I'm here.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
You hear it. What my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey! Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one on your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to do a close electricity. CA: A close electricity?
RS: I know you invented the electric fences -- but I want to do my own.
CA: So you tried it once, right?  RA: I've tried it before, but I stood because I got a carbon.  CA: At the foot of the canyon. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage every step than you, my friend.
Thank you very much. RAT: Thank you very much.
When I was a little girl, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Mandard India."
And I felt very proud of me.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim III, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Though sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleagues.
He said, "When you read this, the five family members will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the past two weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We're prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't delete from my memory.
A nonprofit woman was dead on the street, holding a child scan in his arms looking at his face of his mother without able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge famine in North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million Koreans died during hunger, and only few surviving pasties, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts all around me, all around me at night at night in the sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light, and we don't.
This is a satellite picture from North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries.
This is the Army River, which serves from boundaries between North Korea.
As you can see, the river can be very angry at certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out from North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives, and live with distant people.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a normal refugees.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the American refugee in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed and it would be represented to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and I was interested in the police station.
Someone had been accused to be a neuroscientist, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to blow up.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and tell the questions.
At the end of the interruption, an official told another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China look at an extra embryo.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depositing.
These women were very lucky.
Though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports North Korea, where they're tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Though I was lucky to escape. Many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identity and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all its world can get in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Seriously in South Korea it was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South Africa.
We are all Koreans, but in the inside, we've gotten to be very different from 46 years of divide.
You even get a crisis crisis.
Am I a normal or northern?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly there was no country I could call with pride.
Although I adapted to life in South Korea it wasn't easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the income test to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a so-called alarming call.
The authorities in North Korea were inspired by some money that sent my family, and as a punishment my family was going to be displaced to force to the force of the outside.
They had to flee.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I joined the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them in some way, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were trapped several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and I was overwhelmed by an official of the Chinese police.
He asked the identity of everybody and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I just stood up and told him that they were advertised people who were accepting them.
He looked at me, but fortunately I believed me.
We did all the way to the Los Lound border.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe the border guards in Los.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border.
After paying mushrooms and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the Lakes capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything for liberating my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison on the short distance of the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would matter to him question.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained to him the situation, and no doubt -- the man went to the automatic box and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two Koreans and taking them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you."
"I'm helping the neuroscientist northern."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The bitter unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the normal town when we needed it.
And he showed me that the goodness of unknown and support of the international community is really the ray of hope that the normal village needs.
Over time, after our long trip, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of Americans are separated from their families, and when they go up to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, job practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with relatives still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky -- I've gotten a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help the Koreans an opportunity to thrive international support.
I'm sure you'll see more and more Koreans succeed around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Center.
This is Central Center: sounds of light, fast food, balloon land.
So the city planners came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if this will fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South Los Aclenes.  So light stores, fast food, quick land.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Los Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The funny thing is that food places to carry more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curious diseases in Los Angeles Center Country.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times greater than, say, Beverly Hillis who's like 15 miles away.
I love to see this happen.
And I wondered, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of the house you see the dead effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood.
I see chairs of body wheels and sold as used cars.
I see centers of swimming dilemmas like Streets.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also know about driving 45 minutes of anger, and it turns out to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, I planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a piece of land we call a fragile.
It's 45 feet above three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it out."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Grand Gruture, we come together and we start planting our food forest -- frustrated trees, you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group that is paid by advantage of all the processes from all of the city and completely voluntary city, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone gets complained.
And the city came up to me on top of me, and they gave me a childhood saying that I had to remove my garden, the library was made a judgment order.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A court order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, you get it."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Libera, and I talked to the CEO and one of the members of Grand Grunklers, who put a petition in Chinese, with 900 signatures -- we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My CEO even called to say they were breathing and they loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more balloons balanced.
It has 60 miles of bare land.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 725 million tomato plants.
Why don't you look good at this?
Growing a plant will give a few thousand seeds.
When a dollar of habitats will give you 75 dollars.
It's my history, when I tell people, crops your own food.
Growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing to me by others, and I'm going to manufacturing my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I grow my art.
Like a graffiti artist, which is embedded walls, I email soils, free.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my integrity of that canvas.
You will be surprised to see what the earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
They just can't imagine how astonishing a legal and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education in my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the Earth.
We're the land.
They will be surprised to see how they affect kids.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a ground.
Also, you get free.
I remember an occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, they were like 12:30 at night and they were in my garden, and they went out and looked very close.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like that.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt embarrassment when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforce why I do this, people ask me, "Finger, don't fear people going to steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I don't fear you're going to steal it."
That's what it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to pick up your health.
There was another thing that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared by their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how it changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Greek Grutans has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We have been, like 50 people who come from, work and participate, all on voluntary plans.
If kids grow color, kids eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, eat tomato tables.  But if none of this are taught to you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and body, they eat blind what they put on front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, who doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are coming out of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
You might produce the next George Washington Carroa.
But if we don't change the composition of the ground, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is putting people out of the street, to take kids out of the street -- they know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want all of them to become a lot of economic renewables, stress, string gardens.
We have to change the script of what's a surprise.
If you're not a door, you're not a stress.
That the guards take their word right?
That is your choice weapon.
In short, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit, to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your word so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music noises)  You will probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of association, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that I salved.
And especially if you go on your bike and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
In addition, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make press roads.
The porous, a material that we use now in most roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the rain water flow up to the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and you won't get water anymore.
Noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hot, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has depressions, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What's going to be ready? See that in this road, the stones of the surface are coming out.
First of all, a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can hurt your parachutes, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more harm.
Sometimes you can create gaps with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Backers, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how damage looks like in this material.
It's a portal sample, as I said, so it only has a little amount of crap between the stones ...
Because of the intersection, the light of the U.S. -- the oxytocin, this adult, this button, the glue between the nest, will be collected, and if you pick up, they will do microbials and be separated from the adds.
So if you drive down the road, you get the add and you see it here.
To solve this problem, we think about corresponding materials.
If we can make this material survival, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have a shock with little pieces of steel steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, you use to cook -- an information machine.
The information can warm up, especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel down, melt the button, the button will flow through these microbes and the stones will look back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big information machine here on stage.
Microsoft is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, actually saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We need to try it."
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 feet from the Australian Highway Council, where we had to do a trial cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of payload in them, we would repair them then with our information machine and repair them, and we went back to try.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say we've made a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers using the energy of information to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface, and you can even save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity in whether this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to focus first before I can show you how the repair does.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see. Yeah, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the yo-yo in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in her little gray radio.
I had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news usually depressed it.
The Taliban went out of my father.
I didn't know what it means, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school." He told me.
One morning I will never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came up from Afghanistan and made illegal girls in school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister, who could no longer be used out, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could both educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market bags so that we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a little room.
It was nice in the winter but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would they be following us?
Did you know where we lived.
We were allowed, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a trial.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total report from a remote provider of Afghanistan. It insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father repeated it.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is her.
It's just two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating their children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments where I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Hey, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than back, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate at Memiad College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was exiled from her home for the courage to educate her daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate her.
He didn't only take my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, and I take it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams to me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 10, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOLG, the first one and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my own, advocate for them, to weigh and still face a destroyed opposition.
Like American. It's not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter was going on the way from SOPA to his village, and literally they were escape from being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you come home, they are the phone, a voice I warned you that if I kept sending her daughter to school, they would try it.
"Mone already, if you like, he said, "But I'm not going to hurt the future of my daughter for his old old diseases."
What I've given to you about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often they are the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are considered in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't last very much -- after the retirement of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a promised future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of expensive experience and unlimited possibility, and every single day of SOPA is reminded me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the experiment, "Son, resistant Gaddafi -- struggle.
But you never get a revolutionary study in it.
They've spent almost two years since I was a civil revolution inspired by the waves of mass mobility, both of the Tunisian revolution and the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other library citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day of audience, and start a revolution against the Earth's ethical regime.
And we did it. It was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the vaccine, requiring the fall of the regime, providing panels of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown an example of the face of the digital brutal of Gaddafi, right?
They have shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tire.
And yet, Gaddafi left a heavy burden -- a legacy of tyranny and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the galaxy regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of civil society.
aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've loved -- next to many other women, rebuild civil civil society, requiring an inclusive transition and right to democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Kenya during and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Tribuna.
After a 33 years of experiment, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm I began to organize workshops about developing skills and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Libya Women's platform, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate by the social autonomy of women and for our equal participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the planet period, an environment that was getting more and more polarized -- which is model of selfish policies and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first choices in 52 years.
However, little by bit, the exhilaration of choice and revolution as a whole, were disappearing every day, we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi mosques.
Another day I was born with the news of the American ambassador and the attack of the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the army of the military assistance.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military rights and their continents of human rights violation and their lack of law respect.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, gets more published, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exclusive and the revenge.
I'm not here today at all to inspire it with our history of the suspense of the "rainforest" and the choices.
And I am here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We didn't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The glow list and the alternative between candidate and candidate brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why do our society follow polarized and dominated with selfish policy and exploration, both by men as a women?
Maybe what was missing wasn't just women, but the women's values of compassion, mercy and inclusion ...
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than I needed choices, which only reinforced polarization and divide.
Our nation needs the quality of the female representation of the female to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an agent of outrage, and call a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, that not only honor but also put in practice in the place of revenge. collaboration rather than competition, even rather than exploration.
These are the ideals that a Libya, depressed by the war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that tries about the infrastructure and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real creation.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a socioeconomic way.
According to an arms of the Koran Salmon," peace is the word of the Mexican God -- "he was the word of compassionate."
At the same time, the word "Rag, which is known in all of the Abrahamic traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "Rain, simulating the female and the material, which would bring all of the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all people have embark.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows into the divine matrix of nutrient compassion all the existence.
This is how you tell us, "My mercy.
This is how you tell us, "My mercy.
That everyone is given to you the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an incredible question, which has an equally incredible answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to tackle is the one that everybody makes always do, why does she go?
Why would anyone stay with a man who was paying?
I'm not a psychopathic, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story that will count.
I was 22 years old, I had just been at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor in the magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green counter American Explorer, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man -- that I created my twin soul, he pointed me on my head with a pilot, carrying with high points of grass.
The man, which I loved more than no one in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "body love -- a psychological trap -- drawn out of love, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't look like a typical survivors of domestic violence.
I am licensed in English University of Harvard, and I have an MBA in Mariky of the Washington Business School, right?
I've spent most of my career working for the "point "For 500 post-to-dollar companies, among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bertie and The Washington Post.
I spend almost 20 years in my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab and driving an Oliver Hong Minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religions -- all the levels of reference and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships -- interests and long duration or, said otherwise, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why domestic abuse turns out so disconnect.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who was paying, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for couples and children and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signs or their patterns.
I met Council in a cold night of January.
I was sitting next to me in the subway in New York City and started to fly with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just taken away from a University of Vietna Leather and I worked in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it looked like a guy in the field.
I had some big mountains like apples, and a rubber hair wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Council did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it about all the beginning putting on a pedestrian.
We started out and he loved all of me, which was ready that I had gone to Harvard, who would put passion to help teenage girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusion.
And he believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that's why the license in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner -- so I agreed I left my work and Cuba and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling on a love love, that I was entering the head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts it.
And this is where you go into the scene those pilots.
In terms of the New England we moved to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to have to feel so safe about three pilots.
You had a car in the car.
Another one kept it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that lived a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pilots actually were a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life already was in danger, every minute in every day.
The first photographer of Cooreton happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven o'clock in the morning and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 motors in my neck had disappeared, I put my mother from my mother and married with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we were going to live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very right.
There was just a lot of sense in the wedding and the fact that I made a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice as much in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the car window.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey -- it was stored by traffic, and I threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Coore continued to fight one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are married, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell from a deeply ambitious man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Council to deal with their teachers.
The other question that everybody is doing is, why simply doesn't get drawn?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and the painful question that people do, because we, victims, we know something that normally you ignore you, is incredibly dangerous to abandon a marriage.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has stopped the relationship after the victim is, because then the obesity has nothing to lose.
Other rewards include the permanent time, even after the obesity has gone back to marriage, financial resources, and manipulation of the family court system to terrify the victim and their children, which are usually forced by judges to spend time not supposed with the man who played his mother.
And we still keep asking why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go, because of a last piece of thumb that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world -- to police, my neighbors, to my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because everybody helped me.
We have the tendency to stabilize victims as spinal headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why does it go?
For some people it's a way to say, "The blame is your beauty for staying, as if the victims we choose to be in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Lockham Love," I have heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scared, who learned an incredible lesson of what happened to them and recorded their lives joyful and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers -- completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a survivor of very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a land and nice, and we have those three children.
I have that black wash and also that ministry.
What I'm not going to have even more, ever, is a card pilot pointing to my head in someone who says it wants me.
Right now, they're just like, "Hey, that's fascinating, or "Hari, what stupid it was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people -- those who are listening to me right now, who are being married or that they were out of small or they are abused themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, her sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love to break the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard about here.
The abuse.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims, we need everybody.
We need each of you understood the secrets of domestic violence.
They took the balance to the light talking about it with their kids, their fellow workers, their friends and family.
They replicate their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to interest consciously, to stop their scale and show the victims a safe goal.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful ones that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call myself Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that right now there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because I should not have seen this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I showed up, they don't have to tell them now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tables are very uncomfortable. I don't have to use it.
The worst part of this is going to go through the head because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while you cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also surprise.
I've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that he would take the back and take the hair out of the guy.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for the work, there is very little that we could do to transform our looks, which, even though it's superficial and immune -- has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a beautiful and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but a sincere way.
The first question is, how does it become a model?
And I always say, a catastrophe discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason why I became a model is because they won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as a health, youth and symmetry, which are biologically programmed to wonder, we have also associated with a high and debilitating figure, to womanhood.
And that's my heritage that I've known to leverage to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that now is speakers, and maybe there are some love lovers that say -- hope. There are Nami, Earth, Joan Simons, Lou Week.
First of all, the happy to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each of each of the models in the runway, and from the 177 contracted models, only 27 percent, is to say, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is, could it be a model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't get out of that.
But later, what I really would tell each of these girls is, "Why?"
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a new heart surgeon and poetry, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cameron -- I want to be a model, then I say, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the newsroom chief of the American magazine or the HIV executive director, or the next Steven Mediterranea.
To say that most you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the cardiac surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you have done your studies, and you have a curve and a few jobs on your back, no longer matter what you say, that you would say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, model of clothes inside 10 years, people will look at you.
The next question that people always ask me is if all the photos are choose.
And yes, they are virtually picking up all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a Wikipedia, and I didn't even have my own time.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I light next to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a partner party a few days before the photos for the French vote.
So here I am with my football team and the Veronica magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They are creation of a group of professionals, for fuels, magicians, photographers and stabilizations, and all their help and people of press and position, and they achieve this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many top of 20 inches and I never use, except the previous stop, but the privilege that I get in the real life, and we don't like to speak.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a prosthetic picture, and he was jumping up a red in red, and of course, they stopped us, and I did a sense of sorry, agents so I could keep driving around.
I enjoy these privileges for me, not by what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect no matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, from the 120 teenagers that they were stood and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 young black and Latino young people in New York City, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times would you stop me? And how?
When I research for this talk, I learned that 53 percent of the 13-year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that figure goes to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people ask me is, how is life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like that.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, ingenuity and passionate people.
And it's all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my view every day.
And if you ever asked, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will it be happier to be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the most of the fashion -- but it's probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a race and gender situation when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something to come back from this talk, I hope they all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was good enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious photos, and I didn't get me who took them.
There were no artistic directors, no standards, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimal care in lighting.
In fact, most of them were pulled out by random.
My story starts when I found in New York City to give a point, my wife took me this picture by holding my daughter on his first birthday. That's the 57 and five corner.
He gave the chance that we came back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday, my wife told me, why don't you take me to San York on a darkness trip and continue the ritual contains?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to get us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and luckily, no one has ever fled with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much life this journey would change.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October, and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter comes up with new stories, and I can see life through your eyes and how it feels and interacts with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking out, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed out a red ball of the wrist store that I love small in the previous visit.
And he described me what I had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I said I remembered his heart beating with force when I first saw that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York is universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are memories memory.
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the photo, and you don't want to get closer to somebody and ask them, "Did you take a picture of us?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The flows are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad present?
It's also associated with Disney at Persian laughter as mental characters, touch, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press press, applause and algae -- these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament are not keeping the environment clean the environment --  -- people don't help prevent the spread of disease.
It's all money.   You're far away from extinction.  And my favorite, the bottles have better presence.   There are two kinds of boats on this planet.
There are the New World Bureauls that are mainly found in the Americas, like the channels and the carrots and the Old World Bardens, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 faced a high risk of extinction.
So why are the back important? First of all, provide vital ecological services.
They are our natural garbage collections.
They clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria. Help absorb the anthrax that of not being extended and causing large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no boards, the carcasses take three to four times more time to discovered, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of diseases.
The boats also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Nevarance was the symbol of the protective and the maternity and, along with the coach, they synchronize the unit between the height and the Under Egypt.
In Hindu mythology, Jack was the borderly god, and he risked his life to save the Stanford Dead of 10 heads Maryne.
In the Tibetan culture, you have a very important set of units on open sky -- in places like Tibet. There's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these fuels provide a system of natural slide.
What's the problem with the bottles?
We have eight species of black in Kenya, from which six are in extreme extinction.
The reason is they're being entranced, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and warmer. Paradise communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the back is victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four supply species are in the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will extinct, and the reason is because they fall from the consumption of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Diller.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India, and they've taken a position.
Because there is no boards, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in the coral servers, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge bomb of radio time. The number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa, 35 storms are going to be above the Tahrir lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds -- they cut them through half.
They're birds trials.
In Western Africa, there is an awful trade of dead fuels to serve the bubble and the feedback market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're investigating these birds -- we're putting them into transportations.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the boards, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they make.
How can you help? It can become active and make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very uncertainty creatures -- donate their time to spread the word -- to spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they will be informed about the boards, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors about the boards.
They're very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw it flying without effort, no energy waste in the skies of energy.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and all I do professionally. My life has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971, to 1977, to 1977, but I'm not --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Cote and Somalia. In projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGOs, and every project that we established in Africa Africa.
And I was a low.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italian were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did is we announced it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Wells of the Zamboard, was a project where an Italian we decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So we arrived with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zamboard River, and we teach local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and calerary, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't go up.  We were astonished that local people, in so fertile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  Just to save people from Zambia.
And of course, everything in Africa is beautifully.
We got these magnificent tomatos. In Italy, a tomato would grow up to this size. In Zambia, at this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the shifts, "Look how easy the agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were pretty, modern and red, overnight.
And the bombs said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here --  "Why didn't they say, "You never asked.
I thought we only had the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud about our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothes.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we gave them to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Airplay Marriage Dead Dead Dead Death."
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
They only read their book.
Take it from an African woman, the damage we've made.
The Westerners are impressive, colony missions, and we treat people only two things: or the stress, or we are parallels.
The two words come from the Latin rate, "Patent meaning, which means "father."
However, they mean two different things.
Parallel, I try any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot."
String, I try all of them in a different culture as if they were my systems.
So the white in Africa are called "Baby Bank."
That book gave me a slap on the face -- "The little one is beautiful," written by Scholas, who said for about all economic development -- if people don't want to be helped -- alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground, and he said, can you imagine a city that's not natural?
I decided at the age of 27, only responding to people, and invented a system called Facebook Compassion where you never start anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It shut down.
It comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the localization.
We didn't work from the office.
We met in a coffee. We got together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give some idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never support, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family of the company, the business doctor, the business doctor, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee and helps you find resources to transform their passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in Explosion, Western Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this conference junk where we got to tell you what to do.
Within a year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to see how you can do that?
How can it do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I went out and I heard it."  So the government says, "The government says, "The new again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest entrepreneurial advisers in history, passed out at 96 years ago.
Peter Druger was a philosophy professor before I was involved in business, and this is what Peter Dreamerick says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative company."
planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you have Christian reconstructing Christian without knowing what the most active people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk with you.
You have to offer them convenient, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will come in, you will come in.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
So what do you have to do this morning more?
That's what you've clapping.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolutionary revolution -- not renewables -- manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
They fall down as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nutrients, cure, education, transportation, communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable form.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- universities and deliver?
The government? Forget it.
It'll be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an awful story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1880.
And in the year 1880, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was unity -- New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve, and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing at this rate, to transfer the population of New York around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already adding in dung --  -- therefore, in 1868, they were making this dirty technology that would make the life of New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, 100 autonomous manufacturer companies, 2001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scans, scanners, factories in approached places.
Depression, Michigan, Henry Fourth.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them convenient.
Otherwise, you won't come to talk with you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute and dedicated service.
And, of course, you will have to tell you the truth to really entrepreneurs.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic trade, and you have to count with a great financial administration, you know.
You know what?
We've ever met a single human being in the world that I can do, sell and look for money alone.
No exist.
This is still not born.
We've been research and observed to the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Western world, Edison -- all new companies, Google, Yah.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None of them started by one person.
You have the word "me, but the word "We Take, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have farmers, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee companies, in bars next to their devices who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this exposition, someone who would ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I want you to look for someone looking for you?"
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Who surrounds us can help us in many ways improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, simple tools like hypothes, planes and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much paid my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask a lot more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do our hopes share our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm fell in love from New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak that they give shadows to lovers and drunk and seasons for centuries and trust a city.
And there is a deployment in New Orleans --  -- the city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of U.S. abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought how it could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for the living time.
I gave clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I believe to keep this look in my daily life.
It seems to me that it's easy to catch through the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this house in a giant pile and painted on her phrases to complete: "Before I die.
So the trains could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait for this experiment but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering around.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before he died, I want to be judged by parameter:  Before I die, I want to sit in the hormones in the date of the date change.
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people.
Before I die, I want to plant a tree."
Before I die, I want to live outside the network."
Before I die, I want to hug it once once a more."
Before I die, I want to go to somebody's restaurant."
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hopes of people made me laugh to the cards, they destroyed me, and they gave me comfort in difficult moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and spaceships -- it's about giving meaning to reflection and contemplation and remembering what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we did a kit, and now they've done walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of districts, it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understand that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about death clarify our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we are as individuals and as a community and with more means to share hope, fear and stories, people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Romo is 22 years old, it's high and very good.
It doesn't speak, but they transmit better joy than some of the best speakers.
Romo knows what love is.
And so I share it in a little bit of it as what happens.
It's not advanced. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and look at this: Never lie.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remember me, it reminds me one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very good.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came up with every song of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I was going to fit in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the Lady Gaga birthday.
Don't you seem amazing?
But most people don't agree again.
And, in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they're often ignored.
But what propelled my heart and I found my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autism," it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
Every single individual is manifest differently, from there that Romo is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developmental disorders that are faster in the world, there is no cause or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember a single day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
He shout a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
She took it alive and reinvented in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smaller things, like putting the car cars around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that would have between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the borders, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity. There was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without prejudice.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal normal is the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that it doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could transmit a single thing to Remember and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autism or not, the differences we have, are a dog, each of us has a gift in your interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it must have been American in the Mars country.
Penn State asked me, a professor of communications, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  And I really frightened -- scared of these students with his big minds, his big books and his big words and his unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt that I felt when I had those conversations with the students, they surprised me the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a huge communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our largest challenges, from energy to environment and care from health, between others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, talent with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy.
First question to say, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't tell us just that they study the tribes, but they study the tribally, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the aspiration.
And when they're describing their science, careful with the jargon.
Shame is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temperature, but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same as making them.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways of fooling and excited with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget from the balloon signs."
You have wondered why they're called balls call the balls?  What do the balls do? Balls kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's supporting too much in the language of the language of our brain and opens.
Instead, this film of Gene Brown example is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the tribes is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, regimented, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is describing about.
I think these are just some key ones that can help the others open the door and see the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when you've solved this equation, all over the middle, talk with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words around the Oxford English dictionary is self-designer."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "StoryCorpsy means "Playing Police."
Although there was a pediatric editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A self-assembly is the one that looks for a public burden no matter in front of it, platform, or principle, and that, when you win, it makes it for the use of a monumental reverse verbal monsoon."
I have no idea what refugee means.
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until for example, 1771 that Parliament Princeton allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the name of Brazil Crumpe, who was faced with Paraly.
And they got in the London Tower in London, and they locked him, but he had enough courage to deal with them, and at the end had such popular support in London that they won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use record of the phrase "The Ballet So Saranter's Superconductor."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's for a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, right after independence of independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington his leader.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a Republican country?
This is in Congress for a long time.
They were presented all kinds of suggestions that could have frustrated.
Some wanted to call it "State of State Washington: and others, "The Althuck George Washington -- and other Defensels of the U.S. village of the U.S.
Not very lucky.
Some just wanted to call it "Beather."
They thought it was really quality.
And not even with it was monopoly, they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody is immensely tired, because this debate was placed for three weeks.
I read a poor song, and he always wrote, "It's still with this topic.
What causes the portrait and the far was that the House of Republic was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be drunk of power.
They didn't want to call it King for if he gave him to him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modest degree, more incredible and more demonstrated title that they were happening.
And that title was "President."
They didn't invent the title -- it was already before, but only meant somebody who owns a meeting.
It was like the president of a jury, as the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more graduate than the term "a "profit or "supermassive."
There were early presidents of small colonial adults and government, but it really was an institutional title.
And so the Senate is optimized.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
This guy has to sign and meet with foreign diagnoses."
"And who would take it seriously, with a tissue as ridiculous and inspiring as president of America."
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't center.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to figure out, the Senate has never reported the president of president.
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there, waiting for the Senate to between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you can keep waiting for 223 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and I want to leave you with this -- is that the U.S. president title doesn't sound so much modern today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to department, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of aerial air vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have given the degree of graduate.
So they won the Senate.
They got their reproductive title.
And also the other concern of the Senate -- the appearance of silence, well, it was a silence for the time.
But you know how many nations have the president now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end, the Senate won and the County of Representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them they're now the president of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality is more modifying the words than these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is charged from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the source of sub-Saharan bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that are talking about, but above all, that cacophony of male dose and stands with primitive tools.
Like the others, I take a cheap line of liquid light on the head with this anger elastic and I can barely distinguish the rainforests of that hole of a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the Earth.
My hand, and I suddenly remember a minority I met days before, who lost control and fell countless feet into that piece.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I came out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the United Nations of Parchy.
Among all the incredible people I met there met to an integration of "France the Sleek, an NGO that dedicated modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there existed in the world but not at such a grade.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad -- honestly I was ashamed of ignoring this abstraction of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a nut of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew Los Angeles to meet the director of "Free the Sleek and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some of them, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty crash.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people slavery in the world.
It's twice as much as the amount of Africans displaced during all the treatment of traditional slave slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 today.
However, today you can enslave entire families for generations for deliverical debt, 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work for then to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and cannot escape.
Today slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are delicious.
slavery exists in almost everyone and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal I met the brick furnaces of them.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Detroit.
Institutes in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, kids, in fact, entire families wrapped on a heavy honey season -- they stacked mentally brick in their heads, to 18 at a time, and they took them from the adult furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
So they disappeared by the monkey and the confidence work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no papers to eat, not to drink, and the severe destruction made it go pretty interconnected.
So performers were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and I sat there, I thought my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the algorithm I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Look, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I explained very clearly that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already gone.
And I had to trust "Free the Soldiers and work within the system for her release, and I thought they would get it.
In my mind, I hope to get home to feel my deep heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids carrying rocks for miles through mountain land to trucks that they hoped down.
Those big plans were more heavy than the kids who were carrying them and children put them to their heads with corners made of sticks and ropes and horses.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so inequality, but so obvious?
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been all your life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages recruited their freedom, the slaves would burn their homes.
When we heard the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness I was warning that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, they commissioned me women who had been previously sexually slaves.
They drove me through a few ancient stairs that they were giving to this dirty basement, of fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a current.
It was rather a restaurant.
Resource, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the Stanford slaves with their girls and kids, some of just seven years -- are forced to interview clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
From foot in the publisher, I remember feeling a fear of arrogant air and, in that instant, I could barely imagine what it must be to stay in that hell.
It only had a complete: the stairs where I came in.
There were no backdoor doors.
There were no big enough windows such as a creative.
Those people have no scanner and, because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture in restaurant, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It's going to happen, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that often relate to the hand of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families in the trade of silk.
This is a family portrait of family.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue and red, from their children.
Mild tables in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the tank is toxic.
My interconnected told me his stories.
We have no freedom, they said.
We still hope, though, can be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where they really pay us our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in the lake and the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a ship, two older siblings, some younger kids, make sense not?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their family transformed, disappeared and forced to work strangled sheets on these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up to the back of our boat -- it was a little bit emission.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees plunged in the Lake Voltagram often catch networks and children and fatal and fear, they fall into water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are drowning out.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love it's not going to be surrounded, and like all life has been treated with really, it is certainly treating the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they got up the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
At night and windows.
And it turns out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosay.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met him in a shelter where "It's the Sleep The Sleep Reporter of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become thanks to someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving by a road in Ghana with "Saranter's partners with "The Sleep, an advertising companion with his roller suddenly accelerating our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it on a dirt path to the jungle.
At the end of the road, I urge you to come out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then I pointed out this little guy and he said, "This is the road, this is the road. Come on.
As we started down, we took the ends that blocked the road, and after walking around an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rainfall, so I put the photographs team on my head as we were going on in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the single path ended up open in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of slavery workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold.
The framework is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a pit in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the fish they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irony, because many had been under the ground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet, and these people are carrying heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area where they will stick the stone so they can extract the gold.
At the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and miraculous men but if you look closer, to the margin we see some more lucky and also children.
They're all violence victims and diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and from the management of marketing in a few years.
This is Manuel. When her father died, her uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
And when he died his uncle, it inherit the debt.
When I met him, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be an adventure.
In addition to that, it has tuberculosis, and it's not obvious to that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Even so, he dream about being released and educated with local activists like "Free the Sleek, and it's this kind of determination of face to a remote possibility, which inspires me so much respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take testimony from them, and we're going to do everything to help change their lives.
I honestly think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines -- they're real people, like you, and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that happens that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, marketed, I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images are going to wake up a force in people like you, and I hope that force is going to turn a fire and that fire will shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do applied math and there's a peculiar problem for anyone who makes it -- we are like management conversations.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
That's why I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
dance is one of the most human activity.
They dellated the virtues of the ballet and the class dancers that we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial optimism that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like the Parkinson's evil destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane Stari who, in his time, was a virtual dancing dance.
It has been a lot of progress in the last few years.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, temperatures, rich and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and cross-central metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other movements of movement there are no biological markers, so not the blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, out of clinical trials, they never do it. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it home?
That would save a difficult trip to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as no conventional way to try it, you see, in a sense, at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Stariky.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds when you speak. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ball because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed -- El Photoshop, for instance.
And, like the ballet requires an extraordinary level of training.
Think about the time it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From the sound of sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate them, and as the Parkinson's affects extinctions, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom line you can see an example of irregular temperature of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal temperature, weakness and rich.
The speech becomes more quiet and approached after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare to the voice with the specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invasive people.
The neurological test is not invisible. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise -- well, but also the expensive tests are not specialized.
I mean, they can be a computer.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as much as a lot.
They are a minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to the mass scale.
These are some incredible goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine chest.
With high monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive recruitment of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, facial seals at a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first disease biomechanics before it's too late.
So when you give today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Democratic Propy Initiative.
And next to Enceladus and Palanesatia, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone with or without Parkinson's, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents. And I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max taking all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What will you get from these shows?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people may not happen. They may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for reading the confusion factors looking for the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thomas, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now he has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which is applying the project. Now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Number and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MM: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max literature audience.
MM: Thank you, Tom, Tom.
Before March 2011, he made photographic portraits in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray, gray, crime.
We hide in darkness, in rooms without windows and usually we avoid solar light.
We make the ultimate models still more skinny, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there was Hall Vallers, he was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Opera.
It's a little fishing village located in the Iraq predator of almost 50,000 people, one of the first towns affected by the wave.
The water level recorded over 24 feet tall and over three miles in the inside.
As you can imagine, the village was developed.
We took rubble out of the channels and the barriers.
We cleaned schools. We took the wheel and we left the homes ready to be renovated and reinforced.
We take tons and tons of dead fish down, apple, rotten from the local factory.
We were excited and love.
For weeks, the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos of photos and cameras and Swedish cards.
Everybody did the same.
They will pick them up to different places of the towns around them to save them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered about.
As they did the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I began to help in a town of the people.
He helped clean the communal toilets the huge, giant bathtub bathrooms.
This place turned out to be also the place of the town where the cash center pick up the photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was going through my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some people who were over a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab, I couldn't stop thinking about how it was retired how to fix that range and repair that track and met hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I entered Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive.
So we started to write the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too stressed, but where the water had colored the face of the girl had to be fixed with a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the stereotypical picture.
Over the time passed, they got more photos, and they needed more retirement and they needed to go into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later 80 people were offered to help.
After two weeks I had 150 people willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rejection, a neighbor town in northern Samantha.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they tried to deliver them is a different story, dependent on the depression of photos.
I could make an hour -- I could make weeks.
It could be involved months.
This miracle had to be drawing virtually by hand using the areas whose color and details the water didn't destroy it.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of that along with the continuous time continues to destroy it, so they would clean it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been picked up by his owner.
We had luck with the harmful performance.
We have the guide of a amazing neighbors.
It's very easy to damage even more pictures already already already already already already already day.
As Whitalitan once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
He had begun to wipe them himself but stopped realizing that the hurt even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild it, we could flap the images in a single photo and write the whole picture.
When he collected his pictures shared some of his history with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a bomb station between the rubble a lot of away from where they used to be their home, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, her husband was the encouragement of closing the barriers to the wave of the waves.
He had to go inside the water while the signs sounded like that.
Her little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day I gave her pictures his youngest son was 14 years.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that I could remember from the past that had not been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers they had joined the hundreds of them and helped us clean hands of over 1,500 pictures -- the vast majority -- -- the vast majority came back to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back 90 families and hundreds of totally remote pictures and retirement.
During this time, we didn't really spend more than a thousand dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printers.
We take pictures constantly on.
One photo is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear it.
These are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would take for us.
This is what the project is, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this gets back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of retirement.
Some of them connected them with something larger, to get something bigger, using their talent for something that are not thin skin models.
And I would like to read this email -- I sent it China on the day I came back from Japan after six months.
While I was relaxing, I couldn't stop thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the little girl, gathered around a baby, moved around a baby, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter recently born, hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, in all the few our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
And he said Educate inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a million of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion billion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photograph, the photographer. A new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the stores, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually challenge the idea of cameras.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and turn it into a billionaire of second, you can create a photons package of just a millimeter wide.
And that photographer of photons -- that balloon, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If you take that ball and this photograph of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do you spread those photons inside this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   Remember that all of this happens in less than an end is what takes the light to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't support this research --  many things in this movie --  many things in this movie -- to develop this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our ball, comes into the bottle with a photons package that starts to pull it up, and inside, it starts to wake up.
Part of the light is shooted, it goes to the table, and we start to see these organisms.
Many of the photons finally get to the board and then explode in several directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble.
At that time, waves travel through the table and because of the reflection of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames of the bottle, that the thoughts are concentrated.
Now, if you take a common and normal mesh and we make the same distance and you see it in slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much you think would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  -- from a slow bullet in motion.
And what do you test with dead nature?
You can see the waves that come out of the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a photo, I think, of a metaphor at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time, you realize that, as the light comes out of the tomato is still brilliant. It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is movement and the light robot inside its inside and it comes back after several trillion billion.
In the future, when this film is in their mobile phones -- they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is moved without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographer, you know, if you take a picture of low exposure, it comes up very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so I just get some light.
We sent that ball out of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over and over again with a very similar synchrony, we took those giants of data and we were able to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all those data in crude and process them in interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a future superpower would allow you to see after the ships?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Robert, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left is our female.
Behind the wall there is a mange and we will bounce the light in the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of photons will return to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like that fast, our female, has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it corresponds to what the distance is.
When you project a laser you can record a picture in broken, that, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But will we take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll come together and try to analyze the multiple robots of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collaborations with what's back to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light by open windows.
Or we could build effective evaluations to see the inside of the body by surprising oil, and the same for cartoons.
But of course, because of tissue and blood -- this is pretty hard, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about photographic as a new mobility of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
As he decided Docume, he himself was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of flown photographs.
I realized that all of the giants of data that we collected every time they're not just for scientific visualization, we can be able to visualize them.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves -- remember, the time between each one of those waves is just a few millions of the second.
But this is also a fun thing.
If you look at the waves underneath the line, these are away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have been thrilled to see this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
Already time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile cell can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, turn it to South Australian and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile.
I am a 1984 and alive China in Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were looking for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 -- imagine if all these people who protect in search for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a cell phone here?
Take it.
Raise your mobile phones and get it up."
Look at it. An Android, a Blackberry, woman."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a mobile.
But today I'll talk about me, my mobile phone, and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Data in real.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The Detail Retina Director of Data.
This direction says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider in Europe has to store a broad range of information information.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who he sends.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or your Internet provider of the Internet.
And all over Europe people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data feedback.
We want the automatic automatic and we don't want the carriers and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists -- priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out to the streets of Berlin, and they said, "Lippare, not fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the State 2.0.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone, Delhi Telescope, who was at the largest telephone company in Germany, who please sent me all the information that they had about me.
I once asked them once, and I went back to asking them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are practicing my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delhi Telescope said, no, we'll give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they would send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Tribuna failed the unconscious.
So I got this ugly line on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand optimists of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit spectacular, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it audience.
Because I want to show people what the data retention means.
So next to Keith Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom back, go backwards and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in train to California, and what often I call in the trajectory.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little fear.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this big network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate between each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who speaks to whom, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Sun would have known who involved in this protest and, if the East had known who leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, indeed, the fall of the iron of iron.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information about us as possible within and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for automation.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they come home tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value, and it's not going out of fashion.
When they go home, tell their representative that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that are serving them to remember that they have to fight for automation in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
I call myself Massach Zock and I'm not order, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, that's why you give it all the time.
Look at it.
It's a progress. I'm like a Shake mixture of Shake.
And Muhammad Al Ala.
The P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not connection or it can be controlled.
Nobody elevated my mother from my mother and I didn't catch it because my parents were siblings, but they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that I was born.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go out of it.
Various variables of Christmas, they're in the commercial center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 places empty for disabilities.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little distributed?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and P. C. is just one of them.
There will be an opposite of the oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian Muslim, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from park Clinton, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same devices.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, it could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the not."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned me.
If my three older sisters go to public school, my parents were sued to the school system and made sure that I was also out, and if we didn't get all the maximum notes, we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five and put my talents on his feet and just walking.
Another touch that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to get it off.
The stream that I carry inside was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden walked as a boat camp that has received many shortly.
Growing up, there were only six Arab in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think appropriate to use "Oh to the Muslims as a tent of campaign.
The people I grew up with had no trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot that he died from hunger during the range.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so adding the dawn of dawn is very easy.
Bala took Brooklyn.
Yeah, in Brooklyn, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tablets, so I can walk with targets.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends used touches, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madama.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to satisfy me, so I drank milk milk -- they put me hot cups on the back, and I dive in the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water burned my eyes and he thought, "Well, it works.
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before you make yoga was a standard of study that I couldn't stand up with a contact sentence.
And now I can stand in your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General hospital.
I went to university through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the USA, University of the state of Arizona, because it entered all of the questions.
It was like the pet film of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classroom.
Every time I did a scene from the glass zone, my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called dancing dance in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain palsy, right?
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I began to shout up at four winds, and I will have a paper."
I have brain paralysis.
At the end, free finally."
Thank God Almighty, I am finally free."
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to Jerry Brown ...
I went to reconstruct the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask her why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't make the risk steps.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts -- you can't do the character, either.
It was a role that literally had been born and gave it to an actress without brain palsy, right?
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a beautiful story of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
By graduation, I came home, and my first intellectual tour was like strangers in a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be approached by "company to better clip friends in a sand.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see me more than the news, and it was obvious to me that reporting directors did not hire air actors, not white, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whouson Goldberg Rosetta Barry, Rosen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedy.
That's why I was humiliated.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comics that led when I fell at high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had cerebral palsy, a driver.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that they never heard that little disgusting rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Festival in New York, now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media, and at the same time to remind the reporter directors that South Africa and Arabic are not synthesizer.
Inteld the Arab was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the news program by cable accounts with Keith Olympics.
I walked into a graduation dance -- they dragged me into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I went to the desktop desk so I didn't get out of the screen during the secret, and when I finished the interview, I was pale out.
At the end I had my opportunity and the disappeared -- I knew they wouldn't go back.
But not only Mr. Elevator came back to inviting me, but it was left as a complete time and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Oliver was that people on the Internet are hidden.
The kids are said that kids are credible, but they never were striked from me or older.
Suddenly, my Internet disability became an object of black.
I saw online clips like, "Why start the standard?
"Is it retreating it?
And my favorite, poor terrorism.
What disease does it have?
We should really get out for her."
A company suggested even to add my disability to my curve: Guantara, comedian common paralyzed.
Disability is as visual as the race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Bellen -- then Beck can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disability are the disappointed. Yeah, clapping. Man: Come on.
We are the largest minority in the world, and the most supported in the world of entertainment.
The doctors say I don't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would promote less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My hostile journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet flow by the dioxide of the Susan Telegraph television and the Great Remote Broaders.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sandred and work with my door, the incredible Dave Mathemanns.
It turns out the world coming up with the Arab becomes crazy."
I was convicted of the big state of New Jersey at the CD of 2008.
And I founded "Massachusetts Children, a beneficial organization to give the kids refugee particular a piece of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live live, and I dedicated this talk to her memory.
"I fit in peace, paper.
I call myself Massach Zock, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
She lives in a little village in South Somalia.
This town is near Michael.
Second drives the little town to poverty and the brink of the innovation.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Machinelment, Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Machineli.
After maybe a year ago, nothing.
One day you approached a gentleman who offered him to take it to lunch after dinner, to stop.
He knows a group of people who give it a break.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to her family.
They present a young guy.
It finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogardy, under a blue sky, I put a car.
That little boy in that little town with the dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little boy in a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him immediately?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing I took it out of what we called "the Waiting Period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marginalized, urban urban young people who unleash riots in Johnny, describe riots in London, looking for something beyond the waiting period."
For the young people, the city promise -- the great dream of the city is the opportunity of opportunity, jobs, well-being but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the history of the waiting period, the door of access to terrorism, violence, panickers, will be the history of two cities.
And in my birth, Machine, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Michael last month, and I went to visit the Madam hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital to the balloons thinking, and if I never would have gone?
What if I'd been forced to be in that same period of waiting period?
Would it have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Michael that month was actually to support a few juvenile leaders in a corporate room.
I assembled about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had an idea of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Machubi, graduated.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be.
They looked for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogani, the biggest obstacles to get to B are the streets.
Very early years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
Adam saw an opportunity and taken it.
He started a motorcycle company.
It began to rent motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expand to hundreds of drops over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period."
It empowers young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately looking for it.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Mozahu, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people in the business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Machinelmon has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding -- you used the plastic we were sent from the outside.
If you asked somebody, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers?
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be new."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landscape and floral design.
I created a farm outside of Machubi, and he started growing tubes and lights, who said, could survive the hard climate of Moguria.
And it began the delivery of flowers for wedding flows, creating gardens in the homes, and the city companies and now is working on creating the first public park in Michael in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogardy.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, odor the properties of the proverbial rights.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Muhammad had a really profound impact in the young.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGOs, working for government, but their story, his innovation, actually had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be artifacts of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They took corporate solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a culture of corporate spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put their business in.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, and they give them the support they need to move from conception.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mozart is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created -- to transform the way people see their city.
They added kids on the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradox of the sperm period."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they become young people in entrepreneurs -- they come up and feed their inherent innovation, and have more stories about the flower and parks of the peace that buildings and waiting periods."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old and I went to camping with my dad in the Marine mountains, an area in Northern New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun made the leaves shine like a violence, and not because of the path we followed -- almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to get that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a corporate in a rock with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the corporation there was a garbage of about four square feet with apple hearts with a pull of aim pollen balls, and I got old.
And I was announced, I was really angry, and incredibly confused.
The campus that were too lazy to get what they had brought in, who thought I was going to clean up their barrier?
That question followed me with me, and it simplify a little bit.
Who cleaned our barrier?
No matter how you organize or where you put the outside, who cleaned our trash in Solo?
Who cleaned our trash in Rio or in Paris, or in London?
Here in New York, the Camplican Department of Havin is our garbage -- to the right of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know you as individuals.
I wanted to understand who makes that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and bring that payload to it?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interview.
I needed to get more better.
So I started working as a garbage collect.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical scholars and I would run the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days where it's very strong one is used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies continue to adjust the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupations in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and coming into the traffic all day and pass around you.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible harm.
I also learned about the implant of garbage.
When you get out of the quantum and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a breathing or circulation form.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste scouts are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
It's the first public health players.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective and effective every day, this starts to depressed your container and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real forms.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries to go back and start to hurt them.
The economy needs it.
If we can't get rid of the old thing we don't have space for what the motors of economics start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism. I just sign your relationship.
And then it's what I call our average average speed necessary.
And I mean just at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't repair or clean or take us with our coffee cup -- our bandwidth of the sentences, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know there is a force force on the other side that will come up with it.
So today I want to suggest a couple ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to expect.
And their job allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves, of our own waste, our designers, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the grass of a waste collection truck on the street, grabs my little son and went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycled as he did all the mirrors.
And I tried to thank you for doing his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me, and he just nodded up, and he said, "We're going to be good.
We're going to be OK."
Shortly after that, I started investigating waste collection and came back to that man.
It's called Paulo, we worked together so many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be right.
But in our efforts to recommend the way we exist on this planet as we need to include and have in account all the costs -- even the very real human cost in the labor hand.
Monoculture waste, what we think when we talk about trash, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell us thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the ultimate architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in Ethiopia, Adam Abbergy.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to get out.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the glass repeat generates heat in the interior, so it's necessary so much confrontation.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for all year.
And thirdly, their appearance has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame by treating a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really careful with the old market that is this structure in the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day at small marketers every day.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was to inspect the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where much of the buildings that we see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, putting all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an inclined cliff that creates a free air space in the building that is convergened, by its own shape and the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do we close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a set of storm ants to allow the entrance of the air, and also from light, but in a filtered way.
Then we were inspired in these beautiful buttons of the Ethiopian self-decision.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little ready-made pieces that allow the air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is made up with these little colored crystals that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we asked."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the shopping center, because in the end of the day, there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't needed to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy automation for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting football on the roof.
And then under those panels, we think about the roof as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these portraits on the roof, which is actually collected water for the health care.
It's expected by the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project that was so big -- the largest thing that I have designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I had special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years of ancient ancient that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks similar to the size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities from Europe with these pathogens.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this makes the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation.
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we proposed a scheme that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and Arab city.
It has these blocks with pathways, and then on the front plant. We have all the connections for the pedestrians in it.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the front plant.
And it also reinforce this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like reversing the community that is occupied by construction.
That's where all of the neighbors, they can go up and society, and make activities like running a two-thirds career in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same pace that buildings.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between community and environment, and they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable, how all new girls look like.
It had huge amounts of very bright hair and a little spinal supercomputer, nice. It was very strong for the capital of states, very good for the organization.
I ended up that year, and I was full of jealousy, until I took my sinister plan.
And one day I left a time after the school exit -- I was a little bit later, and I hid me in the men's bathroom.
When the cost was depressed, I went out, I walked into the classroom, took the table from my teacher the radio book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just some like that.
All of them.  And I was willing to return the book to the cancer, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a front, it runs the notes around the world, no imagination.
I put all of the rows from God and myself a row of it, just because it could be there.
I'm still surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came in.
I don't understand why I felt good about it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all desperately obvious.
They never discovered me.
But especially the reason why I was bothered by this little girl, so small, it was so good for the organized.
I get into the blind.
They're so mysterious and so performers.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also, primates, the flower birds are very property.
We know that the cells are the number one cause in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that looks at loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you need to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab where you study them in all their own ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, I would have no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the infection, no one."
It wouldn't have King Cello, or "The thousand and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
It would be the reading list of high school, because we would be losing "The Rush and the Foreign, there would be no "Gates" or "Fish -- we would lose "Maddithom Babylon: And "Ann K."
Without jealousy, there is no Professor. I know that it is fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the rut, it almost has them all.
This year is about 100 years of his masterpiece work, and he looked for the lost time, the most expansive study of sexual cells and also from ordinary complexity, mine, everything we could have.  And thinking about Project, we have the sensory details -- right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnified corn in your laundry.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget about how impossible it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolfram said were as hard as cat tradition.
I don't know what cat trial is, but let's assume it's supermassive.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the calls and the cells and Protestant.
Will it be very obvious as the cells, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their imperatives, are a nice narrative?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
And being at the same time narrator and audience, we know exactly what details to include the knife, right?
The cells make all of the amateur novels, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give someone else, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh charm that sand is detected in his lover -- he adds her collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Shared and Proust were notoriously cells.
You know, the newspapers of Pure would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
The cells are adaptable.
It's a hungry emotion. You need to feed it.
And what are the cells?
The cells are mutated from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and little supercomputer support.
The cells are nutrient about photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  -- it was a good job of language with the call of the blind.
When Shanda is in his sea age, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the submersibles of his lover -- then he defending those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is report, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monsoon.
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Protection is trying to show that the cells look intellectual and make us seem absolute, but in their mind, they're a search for knowledge, look at the truth, a real pain -- in fact, what Project concerns, the more painful, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Project.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer -- causes in us a much deeper feelings of feelings than a wise man who can interest us."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for creative women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells revealed us to ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open up in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that reveals our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look with such a peculiar intensity.
Freud wrote about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very naive young man who was consumed with the idea that her woman deceive it.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without realizing it, involuntary behavior.
Did you smile too much? Is it accidentally rocket with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the cockroact of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells make us look with intensity, but without accuracy.
In fact, the more we are, the more we become a resident of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I believe, the cells lead us to do violent or illegal act.
Cells drive us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman in Michael age 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that sent the messages of the day, awful to himself, for a year.
For a year. It's a whole year.
She was trying to include the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend -- I have to confess that when or this, I have to confess that when or this, it reacted with admiration of it.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big -- even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Nigeria Higgs novel.
Highway is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Streets in a Trade, and "The Talking Mr. Relations: books that are trying to take the cells, trust our minds, and once we're in the sphere, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be promised in an instant.
Take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Richard is going to take you out or want what you have to appreciate your self and put on what you ever had, and it's under the floor. responds to your name, take your rings, empty your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Road River.
I can't give everybody D as much as I would sometimes want.
It's a shame, because we live in time.
We live in time times.
That is, we're good citizens from social networks, where is the energy energy? Right?
The novels show us the come up? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to 2031 by Bala Street and ask Stranger Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the molecule in Professor Moranda, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred the "Teacher Lester, the head face of Station Yahreh that needs Hollywood desperately needs the Hollywood genius -- but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Leonardo needs his help, but it respects it, and it bubble with bitter on each of the mystery.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and eventually in "The Single National Art, once Hollywood comes in, I will break up to everybody with his solution, Leonardo back to Hollywood and say, "We're not jealous Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in Scholarchility Dead that I wouldn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood transferred in history. It looks like this very exciting. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry problem, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is on the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they're on the same side.
All of a sudden, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being her resident.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells really are a geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get away from the greatness of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like plan plans.
So as we wait for that happen, let's remember that we have the fiction.
Just the fiction.
fiction alone used the domestic to the table.
And look what I assume," the sweet Leonard, the terrifying Tom Richard, the crazy Shared, the same Marcel Project.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 of the Apollo 11 and he downloaded over the Sea of Transition.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the gray surface of mine was the culmination of a complicated collective process.
The Apollo program was the greatest movement in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget today.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on their surface, which Alexander after Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring too much back back. 380 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 would be submitted next, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why did they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962.
John F. Kennedy -- some of you ask, why the Moon Mountain?
Why do you turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why would you climb the highest mountain on the high-speed?
Thirty-five years ago, why fly about the Atlantic ago?
Why does it play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Point: For the contemporary contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transfer of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to be able to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trials.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police is eradicated.
The technology seemed to get what Alvin Talkin in 1970 called a "algarage Force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with a card, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism joyful about the power of technology has been evaporated when you see that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the global population seem to be intriguing outcomes.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me he doesn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn V.C. rocket.
I knew that this would be the last milk mission, but I was completely sure I would see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It looks as if the technologists had been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created companies less ambitious than those of the years in which Intel finance, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, the incentives that venture capitalists offer to entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the investment of risk causes that it will change the creation of transformational ideas by funding that incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
He explained mainly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when risk capitalists were at their time with no worrying about the risk, they preferred small investment, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C. has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need an enormous capital and development in the long term. They have never invested in the development of technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the world's energy consumption can come from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and bicycle. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biology.
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties will increase the development of an alternative energy -- mainly a significant increase in research and development development, and some kind of control of the price of coal.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy from the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, turn out not to be.
We know for time that men are a result of failure.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for statistic and food repair but there will be famines while there are bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes evaluate a solution because we don't understand the problem really problem.
President Nixon will tell cancer to cancer in 1997, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant researchers to treatment, and only in the last 10 years they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be presented: political leaders, and the population needs to be able to solve the problem, the institutions should support the solution, it must be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, is true with those criteria.
But it's a regulating model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no gay competition like in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy that makes the hard and the dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction like to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be simple.
I was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't need the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the widespread ideas that are about trust.
They are so common that they've become climate of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recovery," there has been a great decrease of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third one is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the recovery, the goal and task have been interested.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recovery, a goal and a task. I think it gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has disappointed?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
That is, the people who were described 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite confident, judges -- nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway in half.
But is this good evidence?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the regrets?
Do you trust fish?
Do you trust teachers in primary primary?
You probably start to ask yourself, "What do you do?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of you, but in other people."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to address trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel about a certain kind of officer or it works or a kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could say, for example, I trust a certain master teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to open the good judgment inherent to trust something or something.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would have.
And I would play more trust on what is measure of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a participatory of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think those people who gave up their savings with the very rightly called Mr. Madam, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confident, too.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Department and negative with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, it says, yes, okay, well, that means what matters in first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you competitive? Are you honest? Are you responsible?
And if we find that one person is competing in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be tears of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible. We couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail -- because they're forgotten.
I have friends that are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say, I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competing and responsible but extremely disappeared.
If it's that, I haven't been performed.
But that's what we're looking for -- conversation before you trust.
Confidence is the answer.
Conflicting is what we have to judge with.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accounts of accounts for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and others, that made us easier the task of judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a partner and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to attend the party itself.
And we find the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness.
What they do is they discuss the work of the people that have to do hard tasks, like partners, demanding them to "love the caps, as we say.
I sure all of you know similar examples.
All of that, by the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we tried to be worthy of trust and transfer to the people that we're confident, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are true of trust.
It's not easy. It's trial, simple actions, attitudes -- what you don't do properly.
Third, the task.
I call the task reconstruct the trust, put things upside down.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in the defense, it's different because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the basis for you to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually all of the people, all the time.
But you also have to bring some effective evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says that I can give you back without any explanation.
I take them back and give me the money, or you change me by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they become vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're aiming is not really hard to tell.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have come from computers to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of screen where imagination can be drink.
This separation has been reducing, and more and more and more, at such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a touch screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no boats?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when you click it strong against the screen to transfer its physical body into pixel properties.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers apart.
But the two hands stay out of the screen.
How do we get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity in your hands?
In the division of Microsoft Apples Sciences, along with my mentor Cate Blank, I redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with camera cameras to detect your fingers and face now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pressures directly with your hands.
Like the windows and files have a location in real space, select them is as easy as adding a book of a stream.
You can take the book and remove lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with your hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
And surely, many of us will have bought and wrapped things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is an online project on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or transportation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixel in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Ident and my collaborator Roll Post, we created this only physical pierce.
This spherical electromagnet behaves as a 3D pierre in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Similarity, what we did was we put the gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical activity and detectors.
And when we program digitally the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means human movements can record and come back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physicists physically and distance, and the famous shot of Michael Jordans can be played as a physical reality the time we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of the planet, the physics, and, unlike the monkeys or the textbook books, this is a real, palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to disconnect ourselves from our world.
So we started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that stays is our imagination.
Thank you.
They trained me to become a gym for two years in Hungarian, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all of the expenses pay.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they created firmly that there was just a certain path toward happiness -- a safe work and good job.
No matter whether the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer, but my dream.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start training from very young to learn the articles, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote the director of school and the presentation of a radio program.
But no adult would make the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I found out to look for another voice.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It reminds the books.
(Audience County "A Change Change: "Leave Hawking Country Leaves Could Come to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth."
And it's not properties. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a relationship, honor your father and your mother."
"Honey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obeying."
So it became my tool to come out of this computer carbon trap, and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave my computer reading habit as well.
It's a lot of perspective.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had ever happened that China didn't have to be in the middle of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Comparable reading is not new.
It's common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try to treat people Benjamin Franklin John Asian John Adams from David Michael John Adoles who were involved in a same source, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychologists." lust, fear and social deposition. Interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The path of Charlie's Turkey Thomas Merce Same Way of Target Alex Instead of losing in translation, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "a quick grassland: Jare."
And "He she in Chinese literally means new mother: Ohmed.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to go back to me alone or impossible ever.
Having a destroyed dream really is nothing compared to what many other people have suffered with.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where the happiness comes from.
Until a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, that today I'm here, happy living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first psychopathy client clinic.
I was a Ph.D. student in Bluer psychology.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex called Alex America.
Alex came into the first session using vacuums and a tourist sheet, threw into my office of my office removed the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so nice.
My classmates had a pyramid as a first client as a client.
And I took a series that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the Chinese stories that Alex brought the '60s, I was easy to just move the head while we broke the solution.
The trials are the new fire: He said Alex and so I saw her, she was right.
You start working later, it's house later, has children later, until death happens later.
By the time you see Alex and I had a little bit of it.
But soon after that, my superpower pushed me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Of course, it's coming out with guys under your category, and it comes up with a hollow head, but it's not like to marry him."
And then my squad said, "Not yet, but maybe it's married with the next.
Also, the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before it gets."
This is what psychologists call a "A moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yeah, people feel head after what was used -- but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this benign kind of engineering was a real problem, and it had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of verbs everywhere.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one comes to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the slightes here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with slightly, you love a green, you take the dream a slum, I want to see. It's okay. It's good.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend at 35 years.
So this means eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments and moments. "What shape your life will have happened to when they have 30 and so forth.
People from over 40, they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will gain.
We know that over half of Americans are married, or they live in their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends its second and final stage of growth in its 20 and it becomes adult, which means that if there is something that you want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to the top of the 28, and things become complicated to 35 things.
The 20 is the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your life and common life has an impact on the person who will become a disappointed impact.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the leader are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes in the time line of adulthood.
Researchers call at the top 20 an extended adolescence.
journalists are called ridiculous names like temperatures and "bones."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a three-dimensional tribitance, which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berry said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give them a pile on your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart, interesting Friday, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend isn't good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound like this: "My 20 are to finish and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curve the day I graduated from university.
And then it starts to sound like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the child's game.
They all run out and get fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, it shuts up the music and everybody began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay standing down, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when he was 30.
Where are the slightes here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme -- but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there is a huge pressure to the testing and so many of you start a career, choose a city, pick up a couple and have two or three children in a much shorter time.
Many of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that starts to show -- that it's much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the time.
The crisis of media age is not about buying red sporting cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want to do now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want to do now, or you can't give a brother to your child.
A lot of terrorists and talks look like themselves, and I sit in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the leader are doing and thinking.
So here is a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having a crisis crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a result.
As it was cheaper, he lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And even though we lived about 20 very difficult 20 -- his previous life had even more difficult.
He often cried in our sessions. But then she got up and she said, "You don't choose your family, but it can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up put his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new free freedom, and I had spent the whole morning filling it with his many contacts -- but then he looked at the empty space that followed after the words in case of emergency -- please call the "place."
I was at the point of history when he saw me, and he said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a self-destructive accident.
Who is going to care about if I get cancer?
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really would be worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex like to just sit while the demographic decade of Emma was in front of it.
So over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of us, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that crisis crisis and get identity capital.
By capital capital, I mean to do something that adds your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma career and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity.
So now it's the time for that work on the other side of the country, from that interest, from that company that you want to test.
I'm not going to download the expert of the really, I'm just discussing the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, by the way, it's not exploration, by the way.
It's providerity.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are great to get to the airport, but the leaders that come together with similar minds are limited by who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who comes out almost always comes from their closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called the weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yeah, half the verbs have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way to hang up with this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a work of not published labor.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a reader, Emma soon will choose his family, when he has a couple and forming his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit out the 20 or even the 25 or even the 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person you live with now or you are acting now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the high school is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever you choose to you.
So what happened to Emma?"
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That supply of work gave it a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events in museums.
This married man who chose constantly.
She loves his new career, loves his new family, and I sent me a letter that said, "Now the spaces of emergency contact spaces, not big enough.
So the story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with with green.
It's very easy to help them.
The greens are like planes coming out of Los Angeles, which come out of the West Alerti.
Just before the depth, a slight fit in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiber.
In the same way, at the age of 21, or at 25 and even the 20, a good conversation, a good design, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
So here is my idea of spreading all the winds that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex to do.
It's what I have the privilege now to tell you to the slightes like Emma every day: The trials are not the new 20 -- they take their adulthood. They have capital capital, they use their weak links, they choose your family.
You can't define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consulting for a work that was even more extentioned, the paper.
I went to teach them math to senior students in New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and evidence.
They give them tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the I.Q. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of them who had a better performance had no I.Q. score, strategic.
Some of my smartest kids were not doing so well.
And that set me to think.
The kinds of things you need to learn in sex in seventh grade, secure, are hard -- proportions, decisions, the area of a profile.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years more than time, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
But what happens if you have success in school and in life depends on much more than ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I left the classroom and went to university to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point Point.
We tried to predict what they would stay in military training and who would be recreated.
We went to the National Congress of Electrolux, and we tried to predict what kids are going to make as far as possible in competition.
We study the news teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and those people, who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking yourself, which of these marketers are going to keep their job out of work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all those very different context, a feature.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
Determination is to have resistance.
Determination is to cling to its future, day after day, not just a week, not just for the month, but for years and work really hard to make that future a reality.
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career to all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in Chicago public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then waited about over a year to see who was graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduation -- even when they made them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even security that kids felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or in the National Commission of Electrola where determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for children at risk of leaving it.
To me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids an ethical solar solar?
How do you keep them motivated for the long run?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give it determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that just don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly not related or even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called "depositional definition."
This is a developed idea at Stanford Documen University, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Dragon has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they are much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the mindset of growth is a big idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I'll end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons that we learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determinated.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a catalog, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign foreign it seems to be as unlikely as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five, I began to learn how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transformation signals, restaurant menus -- understanding the basic idea of web pages or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as you can even be square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was screaming in a fractal way, "Lunch -- I'm building out: This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The bone symbol looks like a couple doors of a singer in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create a lot more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's going to follow.
As the ancient said, two are company, three are multiple.
If one person would stretch your arms, this person is saying it was like this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner -- just like Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, we have the feelings.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot:  easy to remember, because a tree tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire.
Two fires together, it gets very hot.
Three fires together, that's many flames.
Put the fire under the two trees. That's burning it.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, properties.
Three together, those are deleted.
They put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. Sing.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the corner of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Is there someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, picking up, embracing.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, having care is adult.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical methods will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters build another 32.
So with every small effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started to create sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile. Because Chinese emperor would break their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to come out is an exit.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The movie dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glennius, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variable.
But when you look at that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a sort of industrial fantasy sports sports.
But the Oz magician was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend actually took a quarter of years later, curiously, another movie whose protagonist, a guy who was a metal boy and a furry boy rescued a girl washing as an enemy guard.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there are a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the films that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, "Roodle, you are the Salva salvation as the prototype predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated army of the evil bubble.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters, wise and even villages are women.
I started noticing this when I did "Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a kid.
Only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the surveillance level had gone down.  So he stood up in the room, and he was impressed as a leg mother with her paths behind, and I don't think he understood what was happening, but inevitably, it absorb everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would you be value issues, chasing and leg?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is one to an army to drive the government?
Let's compare this with the Oz magician of 1939.
How do Dorothy win your movie?
Good miracles with everybody and being a lead.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow OK, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force F, force in movies for our children, and so little from the path of yellow baby?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and you should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulation.
I know about experience that the Princess Princeton didn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that are microbelloce.  I think at the moment of the first kiss -- I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have a boyfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films focus on deleting the violin and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and to defend the printers of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, boys, are not really their target audience.
They do a phenomenal work by teaching girls how to defend the paradox, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the parachute.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Keem and Katslandans, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical -- each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and your son, or two men who create a girl.
Until as many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out of it.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when it came out of Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these films pass the Record test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and it has been spread, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Allan Regondlers is a comic community, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend about the assessment of the films that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should do -- in the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie.
Your conversations are about something more besides the guy that you like it?  All right?  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality, Argentina.
Right? Touch success success success -- an idea of what's a Hollywood film of quality.
It's basically not the Regondler test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the crisis crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this scholarship, and it's the great time for one of the attitudes to take a look at the door and say, "Are you going to bed, honey.
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female prototypes?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress is okay.
But there's a larger number than this who's going to be disappointed this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says that it's been sexually assaulted once in your life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think music videos or pornography are closely linked down, but something wrong with it, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual agreements.
Who are those guys? What are you learning about?
So what do you do not learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence, and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our device as a power of power, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask you, it's going to be able to protect it if, at the same time, active or passively educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of marine is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the assistant.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of "Star Wars was. You know what he responded?
Okay.
Oxford Kenya and Glenn.
What do these two have in common?
Maybe it's not just brilliant self.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anybody, and you love to share their knowledge with other people to help them attain their potential.
They're leaders.
I like those kinds of stories for my daughter, and I like those kinds of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which my son is telling my child, and he sees and fought only and more stories where you see that his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people better and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I loved most of the things I loved was looking for sea bars on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these concerts.
They're covered by sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I began to see ways and patterns that helped me to make them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying eggs, I realized to see my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles long.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when you use infrared infrastructure.
This is a place located in the eastern Egypt of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at the naked eye, seems to be brown but when we use infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink role.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and the activities of ancient Egyptians and the activities of ancient Egyptians and the activities of ancient Egyptian.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italy, lost for thousands of years.
Italy was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Fangaries, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this big renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that build them, pointed into the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge aluminum planning.
This area is enormous, about six miles a mile.
Before, the flu nurse right next to Italy, and as it changed over time, he moved into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it random would be the equivalent to look for a needle in a partner, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves to use.
So, we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nigeria fly.
But you can see more determinated, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we think it could be the Institute of Italy.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing show work, you can see it here.
When I say showing you, it's like the sample shots in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five meters down, underneath a thick layer of light, we found a dense layer of cyber objects.
So this means that in this possible location of Italy, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years to do the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period that we think is Italy.
We also find pearl jobs, coral and quartz and cathedrals, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
And this might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that gives from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 D. C.
They make ideas happen actually started in 1984 to -- C, in a lost city not for a long time and found from high time.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of the house.
I would like you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's made.
Now visualizing a group of observers on bike birthday.
They're competing in a nutrient career of bicycles and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this actually.
They're permisive permisive, they're sweating -- they go very much.
And they collide from front against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go on on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in absorb places. They pass the door threshold.
The self-assembly, the hallway or what there is on the other side of the door, and you look at the quality of light, the bright light on the Galapagos.
They're waving them with your hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse.
You can feel your blue rock making it clothes in the nose.
You can smell the bar of the box and you go on to get into the mouth.
They go on one side and they enter their living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of its imagination, imagine Britney Sparks.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center message, singing High One Moore Time."
Now join the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a wall of yellow bricks and from the oven, they come to you Dorothy, the Movember of Polyna, the Parkinson's Manhattan and the Law of "The Magic of Okay, stopped by hands, jumping up to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memories."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise supercomputer.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorized the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more with the order of a cardboard of children.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coo who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
I said, "Hey when you realized you were a sand?
He said, "I'm not a wise with me.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's involved from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained to make these miraculous acts of memory using ancient techniques, invented 2,000 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Congress used City to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire book."
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have not heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed who's a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit extractive, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spans?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach British Jeffersons how to memorize the order in a live pig bar, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Sparks, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start by something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year, not just training my memory, but also researching my memory, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's amazing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed to see what extent our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pere. He was based on the Doctor Holocause paper in the movie "Rain Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, mixing phone books, was center.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties on the written memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the ancient and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture wasn't as rare as it can seem today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it looks like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so singular -- there are competition like this all around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a research group at University College invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structure, or virtually different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Is it more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control of the control of the control that they bought them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers and faces and forms of snow companies, found that in memory camps, they found parts of the brain, different than others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use a part of the brain that involved space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The competition of competitive marketing is driven as an armed career where each year appears with a new way to remember more things, faster quickly, and then the rest of competitors should be put on a day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times they fell out of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 sharks of haphazard soap that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only dominated him.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,000 from four-search birds.
hour. Yes.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used in the end, they reduce a single concept that psychologists call "divided?
It was illustrate with an elegant paradox known as "Barbara says, "Balk" says, "The following: I tell two people you remember the same word -- I tell you -- remember there's a man named Bala.
That's his dolphin.
And then I asked you, remember there's a "Ballet Ballet."
And when I go back later, I ask you, remember that word that I told you about makes a matter?
Do you remember what it was?
The person who told him that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who told her work is Balawa.
Same word, different memory capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bay, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word Balawk, we know the legs.
They use similar white hats.
They have halluc in your hands.
They smell well when they come home to work.
We probably know some landscape.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started putting associating engagements to get them easily at some given moment.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,000 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the movie of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Symbols that went to a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a DJ: It was hired to a poet ...
He stood up and he raised her memory poem and he died, and so soon it was, the bank of the bank is collapsed out.
Mathematical everyone.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies leaving them irrigated.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
They could not be able to bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Some of the symbolism, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting in every individual.
He took the family family in the hand taking them where their loved ones were between the rubble ones.
What Symmetric ambitions at that point is something that we all know about more or less intuitively -- that no matter if we're not good enough to remember names or phone numbers or infrastructure words for the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory.
If you asked me to take the first 10 words out of history that I just told you about Symmetrics, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the brown horse horse in his lobby, you would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember. The more crazy clock, the more crazy, disconnected, failed to be the image, more including to be.
This is an advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Lakes.
And how does it work?
So let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it in memory, the same way that I had done City if you've invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're in the door of your house.
And to make some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unlimited image, to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely installed competition.
And then you can imagine entering your home, and you can see the Gulf Museum mounted on Mister Ed.
And that reminds you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Coo.
And then you would see Britney Sparks to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count.
And then they walked into the kitchen, and the fourth thing that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman schools memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse it but, typical by typical.
In fact, the typical term comes from the Greek Greek, which means place.
It's a research of when people thought about the origami and the rhetoric with this sort of space terms.
The phrase "The First place, would be like the first place in its memory station.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got out of filled with that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this supercomputer of competitive memorizations.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a partially boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is mapped in front of it.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get me in his place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school author bought in a pulse market.
And I found that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is to improve more and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, compassions, providers, installations, abstractions and expensive eyes, in the eye of mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving just two holes, because disability is the worst enemy of a memory computer.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. It had the idea that it could go in, in a kind of participatory prosthetic experiment.
I thought this could serve good gear for my whole research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tribes.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be built to build memory palms or memorize charism from children, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The memory floor. These memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep process, a whole kind of attention that most of them don't want to exercise out there.
But the reality is, there are no shortcuts.
That's how things get memorable.
And if there is something I want to leave you with today, it's what E. England, the amazing that I couldn't even remember that I had a problem of memory, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence in the Blackberry or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walk on our side. Are we going to be so horrible that we don't even bother us in processing in deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory skills in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk to you about the last 30 years in the history of architecture.
It's so much to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we will just address a complex place." New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from N, Jersey, I was six years old and lived in my parents' home in a town called Limbing, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a balcony that I gave to the living room.
And there everybody was going on looking at the TV -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me, and every time I stood up and turned into a towel. Everybody saw me.
And I was like that.
It was torture, insecure and hated it.
I hated that round, hated that balcony and hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Let me.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no area division, but from those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we occupy in.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
You know, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you are everywhere, you think of power, stability and democracy."
And I know that you think about it to be based on a building built 2,000 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a determination that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build homes.
Look at these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's costly, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the urban and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we met buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Life Public Library of Liberia, which was finished in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing -- it has this red, color, red brick -- which let me deliver what Life tries to communicate with this building -- the kids, the property values of the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library that looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use the media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the plane.
On one hand is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new typically, new solutions for the forms of life today.
We drive, we drive and we drive so much, that we completely move away from people.
All black, this depressions us. You think we feel very good, but we're dead in the inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and come back to connect with those appropriate symbols.
So we do it, and we are all happy, but we feel like translators, so we start to experience again, we do the back of the back ahead and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experiencing with the so-called "brown call.
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, so low-cost scale.
Something really hard.
So we got closer to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the pendulum back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know they like and update them.
We added and we added cake and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't go down.
We take Chicago arms and turn them into skyscrapers that can be medieval statements made of glass.
shapes were actually going to make it in audacity and color.
The monkeys became columns.
The guys grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we move to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
So possibly with a singer of bread.
This is what happens with postcard.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Toronto.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we start to make the gun officer in the other direction.
In the 1980s, and in the early '90s, we started to experiment with the so-called developing.
We download historical symbols -- now we have new techniques of computer-generated design technologies, and we find out with new companies, some ways that are star against other forms.
This is academic and embarrassing, and it's super population. You have totally exclusive.
Normally the planet shake again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Gulf of Bilbao.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gulfarm said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academic and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times happened to be building this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in two percent when they finished the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spinalis.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architecture.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical. How can they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was gargely graduated with them, and quickly we learned that those shapes mean culture and tourism matter.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
They did the same alleptics in the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism things.
This phenomenon of the new million countries happened with other stars star.
I happened to Zahama and Libyard, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to go through the architecture -- the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they had to walk to the next town to see a building.
Transportation is accelerated." You can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology sped up. You can see in the newspapers, on the telly and at the end, all of us are architecture, and the building becomes beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications finally has achieved the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It didn't take a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before you know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we meet buildings like this.
Brother wasn't a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they did it.
That will never happen, I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant or steel or airplane, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when the media planes apply to the media, it starts to get faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost simultaneously, and it is effectively destroyed by the difference between innovation and symbol, among us, architects and you, the audience.
Now we can do almost instant symbols with emotional burden of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was fire.
This is the center of a town called Pines in Fire Island in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked like the product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a building, became a means of communication, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you did of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of personal narrative, and that makes controllers with collective memory, and when we charge these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks telling us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Liberians in Lindbergh.
If that building will be built today, first we go to the Internet looking for new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's monoton.
Governments that can lead to the mayor of Lindburghton, to the people in Lindburgha, and tell them that there is no unique answers to what it can be a library today.
So let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer an unpleasant public that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the typical plane from one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different than today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sem can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn, it can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick brick in ideas of what a stadium should be like.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings become amounts of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to do sports or for yoga or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars from the community united around that cause, no longer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pig pavilion, as muscle and fiber as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
No matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, by telling them and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape the smaller spaces, local libraries -- homes where we shape our children, and the story of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned on a year and he started walking.
And it makes it so great, typical of the children of a year, transforming, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He laughed and cheese, and it gives themselves those big and wet kisses to themselves.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me think, when do you do this?
How is it that suddenly we're not going to do our appearance.
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I Fey?
This is Farmmetric, it's 13 years old and lives in Denigh.
And as any teenager just wants to be dear and fit in.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom says all the time that it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
What his mom says to him and what his friends, or school companies tell him, doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of herself -- he put it on YouTube, and he begs other people who please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or I am I fear?
Well, so far, Bassem has received more than 13,000 comments, so far.
Some of these are so remarkable, it doesn't even deserve the word thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and correct, which receives these answers in one of the stages of its most vulnerable life emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it driving to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, carrying, saying, "I love you, to say, "looking at it, this never goes over.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are implicit.
This environment, of being connected, is addressing our children to automate based on the number of "I love you and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between an online life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digitally manipulated for.
What is the most scary thing in somebody's life in front of someone in front of a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are cover from the news of the girls now.
Zero stem models continue to dominate our passengers.
The texture technique is now a routine.
And trends like, "Station, Hitler, Diraponthman and terrible.
For those who know it, it means promise means promise.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are compared to.
But kids are not immune to this.
The superheroes of the sports stars, and the short robots.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our kids to grow healthy and be individual individuals.
But in an obsessed culture by the image, we're teaching our kids to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and how they contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the class arguments, they avoid engaging in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see you enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a less note to the average of the average of your fellow partners who don't care about that from appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, the United States and China.
And it's regardless of what they actually weigh these young.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is developing academic performance.
And it's also pushing the health.
So a little bit of autonomous teenagers do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more nonviolent diets.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all over this because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drug consumption, dramatic diet, aesthetic relationships -- sexual relationships at early and no protection and healthy harm.
The search of the perfect body is pushing into the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have again, regardless of whether or not they have greater rates of responsibility.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
liberating this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking to yourself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first is that we have to include trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I became very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs -- not realizing the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our children follow will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires every one of us that take the background in the issue, and we're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
Caught the current status of how women are viewed and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to deal with our politicians in hair cuts or the size of your chest, or to make sure that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people by what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing it by making responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, "When was the last time you had a mirror being serious?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up to value their whole person, valuing individuality, diversity, including it.
We have to put people that are actually making the difference in a pedestrian.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make it all the ones that come out in the big screen because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they see that they can never be who they are, or reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind?
His wife his wife.
Your sister to your sister.
Your daughter her daughter.
His niece, his friend?
It could just be the woman who is at two seats of distance. What would it mean for her if it was released from that automatic voice in his interior, which is encouraged by not having long legs -- mixed up, a more flat comet, smaller feet feet?
What would it mean for her if we were going to overcome this and we would say goodbye to its potential in that way?
Now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's teach you the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and why they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we're talking about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small travels of an age of age, they become safe change agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Elizabeth Nobel entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Mr. Karaja, the leader of the Jewish Defense Act.
Now, Now, we were initially declared by Norway -- but being pushed by other charges smaller charges -- other people, started planning attacks to about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, synapses and the U.S.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant of the FBI.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
Later Now, it would be convicted by its participation in that attention.
Elizabeth Nobel is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few -- even most Muslims -- come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to be able to get the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are striking so dramatically to their convictions that you think we have to use every possible means for everybody living as them.
A few months before he was sitting with me and explained that in the last weekends of week, he and some friends, had been going to sleep training in Long Island to practice.
He said I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Polleu of The County of Tarifform, that without knowing our group, I was self-related by the FBI.
When I was touching me, my father helped me hold the sign in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot I gave the little orange light on the goal and, to surprise all of us, especially me, all the goal in flames.
My uncle came back to others and in Arabic, he said "It's absorb."
From such a parent, such a child.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a van with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground tower of the North Trade Center causing an explosion that killed six people and led to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "mammous, which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone was a moment of packing and going to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class often was violence victim.
It was secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but it will be the new of the class, silence and regulating, was enough money.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it softly -- to grow up in fantasy, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program that I participated at the June National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on juvenile violence, as I had been victority victim almost my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different processes.
One day, towards the end of the convention I discovered that one of the guys who we had made friendship was Jewish was.
I took several days to go out to the light this detail, and I realized that there was no limitation between the two.
I had never had Jewish friend before, and I was frankly feeling very proud about having been able to sell the barrier that all life had been asked to believe it was infrastructure.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and culture, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had been taught that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all of the hospitals were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones that I had seen in life.
Having been accused as a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat people kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be homography, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then the Darwin Show came.
All night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my inertild, and I was helped to see the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my paternal figure at a time when I was desperately taking it.
At times, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremism wasn't in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking, and she told me something that I would preserve in my heart forever, while she's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough dollars and said, "I'm tired of hearing."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zama Erbark.
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and get me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone else -- some day, who you try to bring to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, which although I was connected to this violent and disturbing ideology -- I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against predictions.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones, by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism to speak, against those meaningless acts -- as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple I'm exposed to me here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race -- that children don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there is a film that is projected in your mind.
It's an incredible multi-scale film.
It's in 3D, and it has survival sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has armed, tastes and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice on your flow of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything directly.
This film is your conscience, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know I have a consciousness of it.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films for?
Why are we not just robots that processes what we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie to produce?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible, a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predicted that vision.
The psychology studied obviously, neuroscience studied the brain observed, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years ago, it all began to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pentagon said, "Now is the time for science to be aware of consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in the recent years was the search of corruption, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness. The questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It will not offend the neuroscientists.
In reality, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, it doesn't address the true central mystery of this matter, why does it all physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective interventional movie there?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like embryos, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
Typical substances are all cases of emerging behaviors, how embraces operate -- how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metal living organisms -- all of them are questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walked out, how we talk about it, how we play chess -- all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why every behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a heart science.
I want a scientific theory of the sale that works -- for a long time, I was hitting my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in terms of physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used the chemistry explaining chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, it's kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas. I think we need ideas that initially seem crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductional consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
At the time it left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental brains, space, time and mass.
They pose fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties are not explained in terms of nothing else.
Instead, they're considered fundamental and there is the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is over.
In the 19th century, Makishi discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental consequences in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, Newton's laws, so I put the basic laws of electronics, and they put the electrical burden as a fundamental concept that those laws govern government.
I think that's the situation that we meet with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then for a matter of logic -- you have to reach the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It opens the path to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness -- laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass processes.
physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can attack them in a road.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can attack them in a t-shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called panels, "Parameter for everyone, percentage for mind, every single system is aware of it, not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob Kenya, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or you think.
It's not that a picture can be filled with distress when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the rises."
No, no.
But the thinking is that perhaps photons can have some element of crude feeling -- subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would anybody think about this so crazy?
Some of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and simplest form of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with physical process, is linking consciousness with information.
Whenever there's information processing -- there's consciousness.
Probably complex information, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Probably simple information processing, simple consciousness.
So something really exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientists Giussan, Giussan Nonea, took this kind of theory and developed it recently with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which I call the child, which measures the degree of information in a system.
And I guess it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible high grade of information integration -- a high degree of child, much awareness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration of information, just like quite significant.
But when you get to the worms, microbes. particles, the piano degree would say.
The level of information is lower, but it's not zero either.
In the theory of Tony, there will still be a different level of zero.
In fact, it provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degrees of child, high degree of consciousness.
In addition, another reason is that pandemic can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of equations?
From the Palestinian vision, the equations.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not in the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the Palestinian vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have some serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had consciousness, then it had to be a vegetarian one.
If you're a paleontology and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think it tends to think about it, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Samantha in the movie "Herry?
Is it conscious?
According to the view of paleontologist information, she has a complicated information processing -- integrated so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have quite serious ethical problems about the ethics of the intelligent computer systems and the ethics of turning it off.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of full collectors, the planet.
Does it have its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk -- at this point we have a collective TED conscience, an internal movie for this whole TED group of TED, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this paleontology vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is something fundamental than the second of the second -- it's universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like how those thoughts of thinking contributes to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the true key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we only need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, he fought me with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to swim for a prize prize.
And my parents said, "Okay, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's fight, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Bush Sleep The Vapaundrub Solar and David Credit."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melanda, just after about 20 minutes in the 21st legal studies, a guy raised her hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discovery?
And I said, "What disappear?
Well, I had been talking about the law of diffusion for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair chairs, they talk about inspiring things in school?"
Usually in the act room.
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with disabled people as objects of inspiration.
And we're not. And it's not guilty of the guy -- it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our managements.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I am on this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for them to inspire you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to be self-related.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have been in relation to disability.
Yeah, they have sold us to lie that disability is something bad -- it's a bad thing.
It's something wrong and living with a disability makes you exciting.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make it exciting.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one another, "Your excuse is invisible."
Or this one another, "Before I go, integrate.
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the hands with no hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with the carbon fiber orthopedic legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration, which is what we call a porn inspiration.
And I use the porn term deliberately, because they share a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we cost the disabled people in the benefit of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, very bad that my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person?
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that I've been able to have been strangers trying to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens to before my job had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is compassion.
These images, those images share people with disability in benefit of people without disability.
They're there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We got some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "personal people, deliberately because I subscribe to the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disability because of the society that we live than because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very upset with him.
And I do the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of their capacity as well as you do, and that's what happens with kids in those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're just using their bodies by taking the best of their capacity.
So is it really fair to share them in the way we do it, when we share those images.
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- it says it as a forest.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because you've sold us this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here rotating the inspiration, and you think, "Oh God, Steven, are you not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that this is a great idea to use a few barbers to pick up the things that you fall --  I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is exceptional and cost.
I really think that that lie that we've sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude -- the reason that that's lying is that it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a climb store has never done that it becomes a rambled.
Never.    Sleep to a television screen will not be able to show the supplies for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and throwing a positive attitude to convert all those books to the bill.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "But the Vapanesian Soldiers Doesn't consider no deserve of anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 21st-century school school school is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair.
Disability doesn't make us exciting, but questioning what you think about knowing about it, you know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a controlled golden goal."
Unfortunately, today I'll just respond to one of those questions, so please don't develop.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about "My Congrass Congress," and in Tom Crumba by making the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen, because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how did we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, that's what I'm wearing -- the Google Glass.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass, is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what it is to be a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what it is to run through the game field at 100 miles -- blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110-year-old man chasing us, trying to do it with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some video clips to show you what is using the Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the NASA practice, because the idea of the emotional technology DNA is a submarine coming up to the surface. But -- we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klut: Come on.
It's horrible to be talented.
It's a moment. We're going to get a little bit.
Really ready?
Go!
Chris Klussia: As you can see, it's a property of what is going to be taken in the football field from the performance perspective.
You will have realized that they need people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington University.
First of fields, "Feed Fifth."
Blue 8 Blue: Blue."
Chris Kluque: This is a little bit more about feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and have asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a family of a field.
Or a road?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of full, how do we bring it to the next level?
We take it to that level using something called The High County, which surely many of you already know.
The Rift City has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life.
What will be the experience of a dance when we recorded a video of Adrianne Peter crossing the line, falling out of a tape with the arm before you run and make an anticipation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Missel running down the bank, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Deperned making a room in Yuck?
What will your experience be when it descended from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic scholar?
Maybe you increase the sales of papers for adults.
But this is not really augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we get the augmented reality, Rive?
We will get the augmented reality when the coaches and the planes and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams better?
How do we use it to win parts?
Because they always use technology to gain.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So, here's a brief report about the technology at NGO.
In 1965, the Baltimore voters put a museum to their field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bob that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NGOs put radio in the capital cards and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2020, imagine that you are a player coming back to your group, and you see your next play in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you have wearing, you don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
It or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parts, and they hate to lose.
If you lose parties they are deployed as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your way of playing the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be able to send it out.
The bad ones will have information overhead.
This will tell the good teams of bad guys.
So your team of computing will be as important as your recovers, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerd.
Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you are the field of field.
You get the ball and you go back.
You look at an open receptor. Suddenly a plane in the left part of your bombsight is addressed that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally you wouldn't see it, but the Rio system is addressed.
You go to the protection area.
Another plane is advanced that there is an open receptor.
You toss the balloon, but they would melt you.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land -- yet the receptor sees in his bombsight a blade of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It turns out, it grabs the ball, running and are away.
The public and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
Fantasts want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus as our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to promote empathy between human beings, to show someone how it's literally going to be in someone else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sporting languages.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show an abalone how the heck are their actions from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how does it live being performed?
How much is it for a Commander House or a Neil Degra Teshologists trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of terrible notes and Karnels?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we make, the choices we take and the challenges we face, depend on as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently ran after 23 years of service.
Most of those 23 years had been able to patrol the south end of the Marine County, which includes the Golden Gate bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, usually known for their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its inspiration.
Unfortunately, it's also a subject for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Glean Gate was open in 1973.
Joseph Streets, a chief engineer of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much to test suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical nor probably."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, such that each of them freed you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that are happening under cleaning your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body collide against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks up the bone, some of which are carrying vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally get in the ideal water, and then they drown in.
I don't think that the ones that make up this method of suicide are aware of the death market to which you will face.
This is the cable.
Except around two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge.
This is where most people get before they take their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an official by contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day in bringing it back on the railing box.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who implement suicide.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officials today.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when I received a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the edge near the center.
And when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate Bridge officer.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here since New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here twice before since New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking with James, he asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology Zerlay, Zeta created Panthemala, and sent her to Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panther, and she opened the box.
And it came out of the plate, finest, and all kinds of evil against man.
The only good thing about the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and no hope there?
It stopped a few instances, leaned on the right, and it was.
This very nice, smart guy in New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
James parents had been asked.
The collaborative damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of suicide?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, it's not just to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point that you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you don't have afraid to cope and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, Others in similar circumstances have thought about ending your life, have you had these thoughts that you've had these thoughts?
Conversation the person in front can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to look for despair, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- implant, believe there is nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost her son on January 19, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read them.
"Hello, Kevin -- I think you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you with a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends that tell your friends, etc.
I'm still quite insecure, but not more moments of realizing that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Philadelphia to San Francisco to see the paper of the 49 with her father on January 19.
He never got there.
He called Philadelphia police and reported it as a disappeared night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
One witness had seen it jump out from the bridge at 1850 in the evening day of the day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been very bad at having a true mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My sentences are with you for your fight.
The LHC General Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cement.
Good luck this week, Victorian Google."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that her son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man I mean hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the side of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle down the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Berry, standing on the sidewalk.
When I was watching me, it crossed the railing away, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the time and a half later, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for her account that day to come back on that lane and give it to life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it make you come back and give to hope and life other opportunities.
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You heard me.
You let me talk and just listen to you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"Dear Mr. Britain, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was climating for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which has been properly medicine.
He adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unaware of all those helpful traits -- but thank God, we now know that.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
So I was still in debt with you, Narrator Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "Oh my period, when I visited San Francisco General Hospital.
"I know I had to solve it."
Now, Kevin is a funny father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that his story will inspire others.
Subjective is not just something I've found in the work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing their own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide.
They just want your own pain to end up.
Usually this is achieved only three things: sleep, drugs or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
At the end of it, I looked at me, and he said, Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrifying, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people we get to contact in that bridge are not substantially.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one or two, that one or two, most of those people have said that the word they left the word they realized that they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we make, is something that each and every one of us should be striving for doing.
suicide.
There is help. There is hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your inside, you know what you are, and a question to you, how do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that I had ever had from children.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
By complicated reasons, I will be talking to you later, when I look at this picture -- I think -- General, you get it, you get it.
But last October, I discovered that, I am just starting.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to release -- to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of skin or the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo -- what's considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years -- many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this engineering is called a revelation.
This is mine.
I was registered as a "child when I was born because of the appearance of my general.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always took this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always wearing that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to be a block.
Gender has always been considered an immune fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious, actually.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I will be a bad thing, but why the world deals with those of us who want to release.
Every day I appreciate being woman.
I have a mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu god from the heart.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mystery.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still wore man, I met this woman called T.B.
It's the director of a transformational beauty competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty concert?
He told me that if she participated her, she was going to come out of the inspiration spending and the same -- and that night, they won in a bathroom suit, they won in the gas suit and was a third party, between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty records.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from the beauty of transferred women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the developers, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippings.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my solitarity from the green card that could go to the U.S.
I resisted.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty regime."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested I would put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operated in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand they perform the most prestigious and sophisticated and safe surgery.
At that time, in the United States, it was needed to do surgery before they changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of the Gene and the Feed of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a suit, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly my fears were misingled.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of Mom Netrands.
A young woman in New York City who was basically living his truth, but slowly, he started her life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our rates of suicide are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we make a global surveillance for the Congress of Transmirction.
I'm on this stage because of a long history of people who fight and stood into the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and only for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing it, so that someday there is no more surveillance of November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: General, a quick question.
General Roy: Sure. You see, first, thank you all my bands.
To my support network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women after young women who have out, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all get a gender in the birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that angry angiogenesis -- that there should be a space that would allow people to self-replication, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The traditional movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who you know about their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending its rights in 2007, and when their efforts were holding in 2011, when they got the Japanese National Prize of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of mankind, the history of women is the history of injustice. inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when a girl was born, your birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome -- not for your father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one happy.
And a mother gets a lot of bored for having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it concerts, and with the hope of a son, when he land his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffers -- but the daughter -- the daughter that was born, when it grows, is as well.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, it stays at home and school admitted their brothers.
Up until age 12 years, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it turns 13 years old, you get rid of her house without a male applause.
He's confined at four walls of his house.
It's no longer a person anymore.
It turns into the call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that home home, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this course code of honor, not only affect the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrificed the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor of the honor.
And there's a norm more than the pattern societies called obvious.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very substantially.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of their father and mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if it doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be storyteller.
If you married it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, you'll call it depressing.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet -- "He holds, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, it involves the same lesson of obesity to her daughter and the same honor.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
I loved brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newly birth -- to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Madison, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I left, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line from my name, and I wrote, "Male.
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admired it in my school.
And you wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school?"
Yeah, I should mention it.
They can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in tribal societies in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of girl.
In a school it means the recognition of its identity and their name.
An adaptation to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where you can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was serving the Canadian company form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the short of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sophistication of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends come to me.
He encouraged me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill you in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've contributed all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emotion.
I teach my daughters, teach students, to forget the lesson of aging.
I teach students to forget the lesson of the so-called self-decent.
And dear brothers and sisters, we fought more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called talent.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced.
They suffered millions, but a few talking, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and encourage when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At 10 years, Malawi went up and raised for the right to education.
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog, he offered himself for the New York Times documents and talked about every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread like a clarion around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and on October nine of October 2012, they shot it into the head.
It was a trained day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, he whispered my ear to my wife, "I have to blame you for what happened to my daughter, your daughter has?
And he probably said, "Please don't blame you.
They defend the right cause.
Put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you join it.
They were both on the right path and God protecting it.
These few words mean a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and he had severe pain headaches and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained about.
I used to tell you, "I'm well with my smile smile and my face in my face.
I'm going to be right. Please don't worry.
It was a consumer for us, and we got us.
And dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon by the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 years old.
Lethal when he didn't end his task.
He fights with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has done so bold to Malawi so valuable, expressive and existing?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Moloco group -- Google, where I've had a gift to my burden -- the divide of Google X, but all the work I'm talking about today here today about the science of the brain, I did before I got to Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you meet a brain surgery.
Are you still the same smart or not?
Of not going to be smart.
After negotiation, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the paralyzed part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what number to take, from more than a dozen chemical powers every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mixture of chemistry, and try to get them, to follow with life.
More than once I've been saved by something.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that would say it in the middle.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised to see how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my self-esteem, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with the others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried the dose and typical chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always fundamentally, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several kinds like this, or maybe some of the analysis versions of it.
It turned out to be an end.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant to me.
In fact, I was trying to try so much inspiring, fix a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses ...
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through, since then I get better with men.
What I tried to do -- when you fit those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, I was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost almost always in images, and that became my key point of reference. How do you get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to try and try new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Peterlations like Humboard, Descartes and Humboks look at things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, for me, is simple for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invasive thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have lots of great mental magicians, really video, very sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to address the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music from your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're quite close to this with two recent experiments made by two groups that are made in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by George Gandhis and their colleagues from Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The middle of the medium shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual while you imagine, looking at that same image.
The column on the right was created by reducing the content of the central column on the left -- you see the difference is almost nuclear.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share it another experiment. This is from Jack Galloan lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into recolding visual fields.
Put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scared to create a big deal of brain reactions to video sequence.
Then you showed them a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scanning I decided to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer develops, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us both.
We're well close to it.
We only need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create in the brain the same map.
This was done with the largest brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution for a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I didn't offer for that.
Many of you are providing new images of projection for images, even me. With the recent result of MRI -- first we should ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way you can get more resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, the larger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution -- not increased by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets -- let's make better pictures.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different resources, like making a spirit.
And why do we care about that?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI went to make really big images, right?
However, most recent advances in exploration of ingenious and brilliant solutions in encode and decoding and deception and records of FM radio frequencies in MRI systems.
In turn, instead of a magnetic magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns joined to the FM Radio frequency.
So when you combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM Radio Freedom, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scanned.
Also, we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
When we use fMRI we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood blood -- but the of the hormones and neurosurgeons that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irrelevant to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take much more.
We need to learn how to step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
His closet may be telling someone for the first time you love it or tell someone who is pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life.
Everything is a hard conversation, and even though our issues can be valuable, the experience of having lived it and out of that closet is universal.
It does, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked on the South Side Wall Capaa, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through a number of phases of the light military intensity -- I wouldn't get my armpits to quote the letters of Anna gave France as a letter.
And it will be thought that by the hole of my short screen and I had been fascinated by the head of my head, I would just ask myself a little child, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?
And it would be an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would play my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a lawyer of anger.
The father is advanced by the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would boil inside.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and was about to get into the female issues at the table.  I had the quote by Betty Friedman.
The Gloria Steven quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I would breathe and I went down and I looked at the look and my four years a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist tank, just a girl with a question, "Are you a kid or boy?
And so I was breathing back and forth, I got a little bit close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a guy clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the guy of a common pajamas.
And that girl looked at me recently, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite point is violent and it has a fish.
Can you give me a package, please?
And that was it. It's all over," OK. You're a girl.
What about the package that I asked?
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the school and I, both we were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some rainforests in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rain.
But within the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than you or yours or your own.
And surely, I will give you 100 reasons why to go out of my closet was harder than coming out of the self, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that to explain someone who has been declared in broken bank is harder than saying that it's been engineered?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your five year-old son that you're going to diverge?
There is no more difficult thing, only the hard thing.
We need to stop rating what is difficult to be difficult to what it difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relationships to our closet and we need to only feel empathy, because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and you can make security security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what your walls are made of, a stream is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a hole tail, a dress and the high tank shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old old boy coming into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, reconstructed in a corner of my dark closet pushing my fat gay and moving only a muscle is the most terrifying thing I've ever made.
My family, my friends, strangers that I've spent my entire life trying not to disappoint it, and now the world was turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable landscapes was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the individuals knew that I was gay, and when I did my homeown lady workers, in my black dress and tablets, walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents' friends were, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Londo."
And the battle of the gay story had begun.
"Are you ever in the Carter?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fabulous.
"Are you familiar with my American stabilization?
It's very good and never talked about having a nine."
"Ardo, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program Will and Grand and Grace Grand.
And you know who love us? Jack you.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, described but waiting to desperately show her support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally said that "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the big fat launch.
It could surely have been easy to indicate where they felt mentally.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were stressing.
And what else can you ask someone to do this?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how the hard conversations are still without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have gone out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Girl of Packards.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Shake your armor, be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be good, the other people must know that we also suffer too.
Number two: Be direct -- just tell it. They take your patches away.
If you know they're gay, tell them.
If they say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they'll keep hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of fascinating hope.
And number three, and more important.  You leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You get sick for that.
And some of you can go out safe wounds -- you know what they've done, but you never know what they are.
And yes, maybe some people will feel decreased, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is the one that you want to write.
So next time you find yourself in a dark closet by putting a big, you have to know we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Burquedpann. Enjoy the flight.
International, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Education Discoveries that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Education Dipplies wrote, it made it as a critical to the computer pioneers like Alan Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you are from an alien race, that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or neuroscience of the Earth or intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as territory, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that doesn't have any concept about intelligence from the Earth, they would be compelled to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that demolish the surface of a planet that will have to do it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I did several years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines that they pointed out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to make complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years ago, there is a mechanism underlying intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes of all these different issues?
Is there only an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of a E and B for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a strength, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of the future accessible future -- yeah, to an impending future time, touch.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, considering this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence.
predicts artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, I'll show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or interview, during their life should have trends for more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that engineering cosmological connection between entropy and insulin intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if the intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software engine called Congress, designed to maximize long-term entropy production in any system where you find inside.
Amazingly, entropy could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, play human games, and even make money by trading action, all of it without being asked to do that.
Here are some examples of England in action.
Like a foot of foot without falling down, here we see England automatically balance a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to England a goal.
He just decided by his account to balance the post.
This equilibrium ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing out of opposite extremes from a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Encethal can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Interviewer is widely applicable to a variety of domains ...
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game against itself, illustrate your potential for play.
So here we see English orchestrated new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network right.
This same capacity of network orchestras also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see English organizing the routes of a fleet of ships, discovering successfully and using Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see England spontaneously discover and run a shopping strategy in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing the assets under their exponentially.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Williams: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, everybody derived from a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
Back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the world "Rube: there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
Machines get away against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber rebellion to the reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then megability and try to get away from the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise to take control, rather than being the reverse.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal.
And so they often ask me, how do you look for targets to get away from this kind of share?
My equivalent of that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conservation of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Keshland missile mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which means that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures light intensity from stars when the planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes in.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of the planets in addition to the distance between them and their mother star.
In together, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this wisdom of potentially livable worlds, our own planet is sitting under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the most hot record.
glaciers and marine ice that have been with us for a million now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've been causing on the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no ambassador scientist.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that it looks for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better -- our solar system.
Take our neighbor on Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little bit further away from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world to show this by a mission like Kelly.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our robots like the Curacy track their surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has lost their own health.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the expansion of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be able to colonize -- really extraordinary places compared to Mars.
Even in the darkest and highest places of the Earth the air is fresh and filled with oxygen exploded by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planes that are dragged with a big and sad shadow, the implications and belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this influence of the only planet that we know is truly livable to the Earth.
And so I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but saying that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine the captain of the Titanic.
But the targets for interplanetary exploration, and the ground preservation doesn't be controlled.
No, they're actually faces of the same content, the goal of understanding and preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world light as extraterrestrial pants.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and unexpected areas of the ground, maybe we could satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Ferry paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fire said, considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the Ferry paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced to consider to keep living between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to encourage Mars hostile environments for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I added my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking in my pocket, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I left them.
So I quickly tried to open up all the other doors and windows and all of them were well closed.
I thought about calling a crowded, at least had my cell phone, but in the middle of it, a crash could take a long time to get there, and it made cold.
I couldn't come home from my friend of Jeff to spend night, because I had a early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was growing up from my passport.
It would be expensive, but I certainly didn't have any more expensive than a cross in the middle of a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances -- I was going to get out of the circumstances.
I'm a profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases cortical releases that increases heart rhythm, mobilizes levels of adrenaline and the thinking.
And when I got to the exchange show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in their place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the probability of it is a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kanzi, who won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and, that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a prospective retroviral.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Zellan, who had written from this a few years before, known as press as well.
Everybody knows what post-to-dollar is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts come and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the press, as Danny explained. You look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong, next, tries to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about is some things that we can do in the form of a prize.
Some of them are obvious, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will take a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the well, where the fish are, that located the fruit trees, where the friends and enemies live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is grateful in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody actually did the experiment, they cut the sniffing sense of the sands, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose the car keys, reading and passions.
So at home they deserve a place for keys -- a hook next to the door, maybe a silver dish.
For your passport, a particular crate in particular.
For their reading glasses, a particular injury.
If you give up a place and you are crazy with it, you will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take with the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, driver's license, passion, send them out to email themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
Court is toxic and it events thinking.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there is perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved self to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is done as a process for all of these medical decisions, and in fact for the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decisions that you need to take from the one that will benefit a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high."
They all know that the high cholesterol.
So you're thinking that you will have the high cholesterol. It's not the best thing, so the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the collaborator, a station."
And you may have heard about the stations, and you know that it's one of the most recipe drugs in the world today. It's probably likely to know people to take them.
So you think, "Yeah, I remember the station."
But there is a question that you should do then, a statistic that you have to ask from which most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needed to try.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before it helps a person.
And you need to think about what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not take something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like that.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's somebody's fault.
We have not understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the estimates of Glampost that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recipe station, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300 percent.
This is the research of the cynical researchers Jeremy Google and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bronx.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid one year before they avoid a single heart attack, or brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 to lower my cholesterol.
Why not? Doctor the receptor."
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it's "Talk of the secondary effects. Right?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those terrible things include terrible paintings and prototype pain, paradigm pain -- but now they think, five percent isn't very likely to happen to me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
They remember that under stress.
So think about how it will look at this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 people have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get rid of the drug that you will help your medicine.
I don't say they had or not take the station.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it -- it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number on air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needed to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that most of them are done in the older men in the 50s, the prostate of prostate per cancer, the number needed to treat is 49.
So it's 49 surgeries for a person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or dysfunction or discussion, congregational income, right income, fecal innovation.
And if it's lucky, and it's one of the 50 percent of that 50 percent of the effects will only be a year or two.
So the idea of print is to think before the questions that you can do that will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change from opinion in the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases cold low corresponding, and one of the things that happens at that point is that you turn out a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face with a predator. It doesn't need the digestive system or the liberation or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism on those things, it doesn't react with rapid. They could be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that comes out of the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kanzi and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all deficits.
We're all going to fail at a time.
The idea is to think about the future how those fail, to put the systems in the place that will help you to minimize damage or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place.
Rebodiding at the snow night in Monthol, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a keys of the gate door in the same, an easy way of remembering it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of email messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not really organized. But I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Philadelphia, "Poice is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing small.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a dog in the participation, you need to play more often.
Two pounds, even faster.
Four foot, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a computer tree, there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of money can have -- you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the ALS, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came in during the 1800s, and over the time, it mixed with local signs, and it was developed the language that we know as ATLA.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, really they're in my mind every day.
As a person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, users, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand the sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my anthropologists and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't shake the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the bag of free chips.
"Don't eradicate, and when you're eating -- make sure that I don't grab the covered in the dish.
This is all called sound tank."
Maybe I think about the sound of sound more than the average person does it.
I'm super surprising of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of the sound, about which it's going to come next.
From there, this drawing.
ADHD.
TBP: It will continue.
TB: To announce it.
You can see that the penguin has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle and seals boards.
In the deaf, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "the ALS.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, to me, to do the thing with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and it struck me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was audience.
Now sound has entered my art territory, now.
Is it going to spread more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know sound.
I know that so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a touch way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything you've taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and develop it.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was something of an listener.
And sound is so powerful that it could well lead to me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose that I would empower me.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
So I am capable of being relevant to the current society.
So in school, work and institutions, I work with many different performers from ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me to be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask for their voices, I am able to maintain a temporary form of value as well as taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't go on with this practice, I feel that I could get rid of forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was amazed by looking at the similarities between music and ATM.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressing in paper.
And it can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very space and highly engineered things that means subtle changes can affect all of the meaning of the signals like the sounds.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so you understand better how the ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ALS is divided into many different grammar parameters.
If you add a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body motion, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you put only a line at a time.
However, the ALS is more like a corner, you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous form to express a clear concept or idea in ALS.
If only a skin would change the road, create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and the theater and volume.
In ALS, by using these different grammar parameters you can express different ideas.
For example, the pressure signal in that."
This is the ideal sign in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got shot.
Oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, enough.
So I started thinking, and if I see the ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of day, the sun comes out and you put it.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look at a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights -- night," "Oh my night,"  "All night.
I feel the third one has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ALS, and how the distance of the body can express the changes over time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two heroes, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, "I used "Taken at All Art, and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at a time -- "There was one time.
"The common time is a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times a company.
However, when I see the word "type "common," I automatically think at the same time.
Watch MD: Let's see MR: Right, mine, left hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest.
(Audience: MRI, I walked "player "Space in the chest, E, I tagged "down "Frankler: I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "player?
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with hands in high.
We're now going to do it both in your head as the chest, sort of as a common time or at the same time.
Yeah, good.
That means "to force the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "Cloud at ALS.
Now, the third, please, keep me again.
And again.
It's "Starchest-minded at ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"It'll force, "Colony and "Symphony."
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all occur in your head and the chest -- but they transmit very different meanings, and they transmit very different meanings, and they transmit very different meanings, but they transmit very different meanings, but they transmit very different meanings, and they are going to transmit very different meanings, but they transmit very different meanings, but they transmit very different meanings, but
It's amazing to see how ALS is alive and prosperous as well as music.
However, today, we live in a very authoritarian world.
And only because the MBA doesn't have sound, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what it defines social value and allowing ALS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn ALS.
The ALS is a rich injury and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open their ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Denie Karl: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can figure it all, but then you have to wipe it out.
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
As I get older, I find out that adults also have to evolve and that they're not very good to clean each other.
The time, now I'm an adult and a citizen and invention in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk through the beach beach with lots of garbage.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a solar thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big buses and networks, to collect those plastic chunks to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
So we started building this work of work with analytical height so that the very low children can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great, and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of each child and try to combine them in something that we expect it to work.
Instead of collecting plastic bits of plastic, we only collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
Then we actually created what we call a prototype."
We're so fast in the production of prototypes that we end before we lunch.
And we transform lamp lamps and cameras in access and put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water, and by the plastic we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board will process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step step on on a website called "Institutes: with the hope that someone else even further.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they were trying to fix it immediately.
"I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, you get the Internet together, and you put it with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in Sunday, the largest mangrove forests in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, it's the water in which you bathe the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown -- the mud and oil and oil are also a brown color, and when everything gets mixed down, it's very difficult to see what is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called sperm, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a sport that can fix through all kinds of substance that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
"I can investigate a problem at a distance -- I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they set up several giant waves, called the tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Fukushima -- a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has pollution trains by Semia.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Public every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the soil, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different massive.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did do it because they're going to have to live with the radiation of the whole life.
Together with them, we discussed that day and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the irony, etc.
And to do this, we created a Jewish popular map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevator map, we introduced penguins to represent data in real time of radiation, and we sprinkle water to simulate rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive dust would be filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system and depressed in the ocean.
It was a rough estimate of it.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, closest to nuclear central to date.
We get closer to 1.5 miles from the nuclear center, and with the help of the areas of the area we were collecting sea forest sediments with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also open-source technologies and very simple open-source technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit smaller so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space of social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, optics -- basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where children can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Apple accelerators." Acceleration.
Sea Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy. But the worst legacy that we can leave our kids is lies.
We can't afford to protect kids in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientists, scientists, sounds, we have to prepare the next generation to care about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two typical computers, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk board.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
You impose about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the remote market, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The prison was unique Milan tools.
But living beings are not concerned.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all of the information that was required by every cell to work and replay.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by rich manufacturing and mass production.
The mountain lines have dictated a world made of parts -- encouraging the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects like sharks of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find any materials of human material in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial leaders are thin with disorder pores.
The skin skins are more thick.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a border, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts, no shames.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality through variation variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architects to work currently between the cycle and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, on its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, getting away from the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why could it not be possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they conflict four disciplines that offer access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, of great scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a very distant based on a vertical basis that some day not very far to print whole buildings -- and graphs made genetically from genetically engineered microscopic microbials that shine in darkness.
Here's an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every approach is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion fog from Paris with Iran van History -- it's like a second skin made from one piece of piece, recorded in the controls, flexible around the painting.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and fake 3D with no cost between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CAT scanner.
That designers have access to this height of high resolution and synthetic instruments, allowing products to adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at a time, comfortable and also absorbagerium sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this pattern of irregular surface, it becomes survival.
We print this surface of 43 different properties, that vary in rich, and opposite and color, corresponds to pressure points in the human body.
Her surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another solar, but by continuously adding material property.
But is the ideal nature here?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't grew up in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible stories, and one of them was left and I was going to define a lot of what matters me.
Like she relates: "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a French tree loaded from fruit."
For that first frontal tree, there would be no difference between train, branches and leaves and frustrations.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the earth made trees with branches and cortex.
The earth created a world made from parts.
I often wonder, "What would be design if objects were made from a single piece of piece?
Do we go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the frontal tree with fruits, and we find it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called a fertilizer, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms like shrimp, crabs and scripts and maps.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multiple structures in one piece of piece.
So that's what we did.
We called it a legal market.  We asked a lot of shrimp clothes, and we put them up and we produced the call stop.
As the chemical concentrations have been able to achieve a broad range of properties from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the structures on the large-scale structure, it was built a system with multiple rollers of extraordinary control.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry it to find a natural shape to contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic plastic?"
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photosynthesis that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we embedded the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that do their transition without problems of beams to mesh -- and if you expand even more, to windows.
A fruit load of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of cards of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objective objects for biodiversity, put on the sea, feed the marine life, and put on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for interplanetary travel.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own element of elements: new forms of life created computational and made in an additive form and increased biological.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid running, only instead of looking at precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microbials combine it.
The first is the chimpanzee.
It lives in our oceans and the fresh water stores.
And the second one, E. collapse, the bacteria that I inhabit in the human intestine.
One convert light in sugar, the other one consuming sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbials don't interact in nature.
In fact, you never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digital tract that will help to flow these bacteria and alter their way around.
So we began to grow those channels in the human body, by adding the properties of material according to the desired functionality of the material.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portal digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, above 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our delightful intestine.
And here it is, as a president at TED, our first portable photonous, brilliant liquid channels within the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shark said, "We're all past formulas, only half is made."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase the living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and have our bodies sustain?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows up. It adds with sustainability.
This water capital, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which it metaphors.
Not additive manufacturing is closer to this level of sophistication ...
It makes it through the combination of not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentration.
One act as a structure, the other one is glue or the matrix, by putting those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scale.
The silk worm is presented in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to talk about a comparison capital.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat patch -- not within a box, we realized that he would smell a flat capital and still metaphor safely.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding devices, and we've discovered that the form, the composition of the capital -- is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often boil the silk worms up to death inside their caps, their silk will get rid and use in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape silk silk without boiling a single capital.
They were metal sandwich, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hypothesia robot making silk plants, and we put on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated to more dark and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or adventures, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the orbits.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to an online silk farm.
And after food four weeks, they were prepared to talk with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and while they were drinking, they were coming out, they were separated, they put eggs, and the life starts again, like us, but much, much harder.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
The biological silk, biological silk on the silly silk silk, give all of this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms take 3,000 miles away.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The polymers, after the equipment, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pavilion in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk ring through a robotic arm, the other full vacuum.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
So here is a new design age, a new era of creation, that leads us from a design inspired by nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we can charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What you want to be more most about?
If you had to remember how old they were when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with your fingers.
Three, five, three. Five, five, five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask it, "What do you want to be a big?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm someone who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more most about?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but it had too much.
In school, I liked English and the rats and the art and developed websites, also, played the guitar.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I usually like to try and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of boring, this sense of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive into it, and I let me absorb and feel "Yes, I've found my me, and then again this point where I start to get bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to convert all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions and refuse to get bored.
Another reason why I became so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there would be something wrong with this, and something wrong with me for not being defined by anything.
I worry about having fear of engagement, or being dispersed, or to address or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have been asked by then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
So you wonder, "What do you want to be more from the big?
We have five years old.
And the truth is, nobody cares what you count at that age.
You consider an naive question to provoke nice answers in children like being anthropologists, or "I'm dancer, or "I want to be a para."
They insert the Hallian distance here.
And this question is done over and over again as we grow in various ways of different ways, a high school students are asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more great?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before we get the dream.
Why?
Although this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, it didn't inspire anything they might be.
In fact, it just makes the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though they are well-intentioned and say, "Oh, what's nice, but you can't be a vehicle of rape and psychology.
You have to choice."
This is Dr. Bob Chersaurs.  And he's artificial and performance.
And this Amy Nathan, an editor of magazine turned into illustration, entrepreneur.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real voice, the idea that each of us has something to do for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is, and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who isn't connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplay.
A crowd is someone with a lot of interest and creative activity.
It's a boat for me to say.
It could help if you divide into three parts: multiple and potential and time.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a graduate, renewable.
During the age of Renaissance -- the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shey refers to us as "decisions."
They use any term you like or you invent one of them.
It seems to me as a species of adapting a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see the crowd as limitation or aspiration that you should see.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be this way.
So here are three multinational superheroes.
One: ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
Sun Hawaii and Rachel Bingo expressed their shared interests in cartoon, data visualization -- travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Messene.
Mesade is a company that creates the inspired jewelry gestures.
Sall and Rachel came up with this unique idea because of his electronic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come from.
And multiplex, with all their background, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second cultural superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be principle, because it's been many times in the past, and this means we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transformed to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely start from zero.
North Dong is a complete time and writing independent.
As a young pianist.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism known.
Before becoming a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the ultimate selling mechanics when he started its practices, and this skill helps to write compelling languages for editors for editors to write compelling landscapes.
It's rarely a waste of time to be devoted to what you get to you, even if at the end you abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have foreseen before.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform into anything that is needed.
This is sometimes director of videos, others, designer designer -- sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it's a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of its clients.
The magazine Fast Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unpredictable that are the individuals and organizations that can leverage to satisfy the needs of the market, which will actually thrive.
Ideas of ideas, quick learning and adaptable, three skills where the crowds are very hyperactive, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest in encouraging the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons.
Don't worry. There's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams come from a specialist and an empathy multiculturator.
The specialists can dive in depth and put on ideas, and the crowd provides an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will communicate with how we are connected.
And, unfortunately, Muslims largely are encouraged to are just more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there is one thing you take from this talk, I hope it will be this: reconstruct with the internal wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then it's special for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I tell you, reconnect with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those regional monsoons.
They explore the intersection.
And embracing our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiplex, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 2001, a woman called Australia took it to a psychiatric in French.
I was delightful and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
Alice didn't know how to help Australia, but I was flying for her until unfortunately, it passed out in 1966.
After his death, Alison did an autopsy and found strange plates and oil planes in the brain, from a guy who had never seen before.
Even more surprising.
If I had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alaska gave him about 110 years ago.
Alice was Dr. Alikes Alzheimer's.
And I guess Defense, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's.
Since 2001 medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, anti-powered antibodies, stations for cartoons and much more.
But soon it has been progress in the Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you wait to live up until 85 years or more, the chance of contracting Alzheimer's will almost be one of two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping a friend or being dear with Alzheimer's.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimers disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs are preventing an increase of five times in 2050, as it aging the generation of the boom.
It may be surprised, but Alzheimer's one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that you can't prevent or cure or even slow up its development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more of Alzheimer's and causes an annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody has shoulder, Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 111 years, everyone, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be sentence in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to defending a severe loss of memory and mental skills, harm to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the brain of Gold does a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that is folding like an origami.
There are places in paper that are played.
And when it folds down, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules fold each other, forming groups that can form large plates and silences.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what step block is complex, like developing a bomb.
So cutting a cable could do anything.
Could the other one can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waiting for the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen yet.
Let's look at some videos of what happened when I tried these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms -- on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are put on each other inside them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 1911 years of hope, there is real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to make it grow that hope, of selling Alzheimer's approach, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to focus on that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, the patients and their families have announced more research and exercise on government, drug industry, about scientists and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and
That was essential to move forward in HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk to themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too scared to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Google, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help me talking about them, and they help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience when I tried to test myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turned to ask 36 and more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cried to another person?
And alone?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- I really like it. Tell your partner what thank you or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail actually struck me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months after and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but certainly I was also intrigued.
And when I had a chance to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in love, and   And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the spinal love of love a few months later.
That was published in January, and it's now adaptable, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, "Did you get together together?
And the reason why I think you care about this is because you've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, the paper was very nervous.
I had been working in a romantic book in the last few years, so I had helped me write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can get a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably get a few thousands of views.
And that made a good deal of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The paper was published online, a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had been called the All Show and the Google Montring America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million visit, and I was, for saying something, unlikely for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with a sense of some of the synthetic experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what they did every day for weeks, they always did the same question: Do you still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in my email in my email with the phrase, "Did you follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked me.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman shout up to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your boyfriend is?
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the engineering of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have taken life out of itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Vallet, which included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very resistant with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we would both make a public emergence together.
And I received television interviews, and you rented the photographs of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the infectious icon of the breakthrough process, a range for the one that I didn't feel like at all grades.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether it was able to produce permanent love, not just an adventure, but real love, lost love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel capable of responding to.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt about all people asking the wrong question.
How do you know whether to stay together or not, and then do you tell it?
If the answer was no, it would do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Ari wrote first about these questions at this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was trying to promote international approach between college students, using what Aron called the sustainable personal openness and progressive and recovery.
It sounds romantic sounds romantic.
But the study does work.
The participants felt more close after doing it -- several previous studies also used the Amitage Fashing protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of the police and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this paper, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me with the time, I tried the study and didn't work.
He felt puzzled by it.
And I said, "You want to say you fell in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she only wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But became better friends?
Did you feel that you did get better than trying to try the study better?
The air.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was basically my whole adult life, and he was my first real love. And I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I flew into science.
I did everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow get the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I only researched for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it looks really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I used to feel as I felt.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more trust to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than what you can reasonably demand me.
What I look for from love is a garage, not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but I'm going to keep being loved endlessly by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut.
There may be a form for some way to mitigate something from implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that you ask -- still follow together?
And its content with a yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who your love and who doesn't?
How do we stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distinguish?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your country?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what love somebody loves to love.
So if you want the short version of my relationship, it's this one: a year ago, a knowledge and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fell down, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But it's not the same as staying in love.
And it's the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We stay in love, because we took the choice to be.
And I shudder a little bit when I read it now, not because it's true, but because at the time, I didn't consider everything that was supposed to make that choice.
I didn't consider how many times we would have that decision, and how much times I have to keep making that choice without knowing before he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and kindness and fun and express that choice on the largest daily in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think of.
And what I look for, and what maybe my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy implicit in the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening. But that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of legislations on the mountains and in a way, I got a little bit like a forest of the forest.
New York City a while ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and he buried a dollar of a dollar, a feather and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later, and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii. I like to go out of excuses and make surface and all those weird things, and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw up all the pages and I made a kind of civil cell called the Agnes Martin style. covered it in resin, and a bee was stuck.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I add more resin, and I think I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: Somehow it seemed to increase size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying thing.
So I made more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow the trailers, draw the same that you do around a country in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own taxonomy of invented species.
First of all, bottles, that you can make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was winning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Sixagon.
It was great, man.
At some point I am interested in the human way, relationships of natural size with drawings of human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in glass layers -- similar to drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that form a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the restaurant.
So I did this for years, and my lung work with something really big, I call "the "Syrian."
For the "School, I inspired me in a big measure in "The garden of Heronican Boston delicators, which is a painting.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the corresponse: I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It's double expensive, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this analogy of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the future, ready to suicide in the mass of the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied at a range.
Billy Graham is in the sea, El Horizon the Detroit Palesting Platoon. Walk, the Berfanding Bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of a properties.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it spits oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of the cloud.
Their hands are kind of balloons and it looks like a mythology that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a section of the concert."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, it has a transformation, like a little bit of a bird, and you get clouds of this transform.
It also has a tenth of a few feet long a wave of snake that joins the "computer."
Anyway, his tail is preventing fire in a volume.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a balloon occupational clothes made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were made in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards from terrorists.
Very late to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called psychopaths.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedia, dictionary or magazine.
But each act as a kind of an archive in a way of being human, they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They are like cells, they come together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This is a little cave in the chest.
That's the head. It's the chest, you can deliver the entrance in.
I'll take you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or the note, or whatever it is, a kind of angry thing.
It's a quick report of these works because I can't explain to you for a long time.
We have layers you can see.
This is a body party for half.
This is two heads and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and come into the head of this strange statue there.
There is a little forest scene inside the torture of the horizon.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pental Worlds.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscience, a painter, a music, a music, a radio landscape, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world.
We lie the box and all the people on the inside collide with each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you repeat who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of the countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with pulse and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get your head?
They take an application.
But for this pill to have an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the gut and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and include it so that any drug is in the body.
The depression, though, is that when you bring it out of any drug it gets sick.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these are serving to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the cancer cell.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in time they are trying to get to the blood stream, they dilled, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destiny, which is where it's more important, in the warehouse of HIV.
These are regions of the body like lymph lymph the nervous system, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is independent and it doesn't easily enter the blood of the patients that are subjected to the regulating therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of the treatment of HIV with the current drugs that is a treatment of life administrative by the way.
One day, I sat down and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly at the department of the virus, without the risk of the distribution of medicine?
As a scientific scientist, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use in dentistry, to care of diabetes and diabetes surgery, you can use for anything imagine, including the infrastructure of the drugs.
In fact, we're using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, open up and shut up almost immediately infected cells with HIV to introduce the drugs.
The best people are wondering, "How is that possible?
We sent a little little laser laser on the cellular membranes infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize it, the hole is immediately represented.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incentive on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total HIV eradication in the body.
Yes. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying the non-shape groups -- organized organizations like terrorists or insurgents or military groups.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to better understand these generating agents of violence and study ways of encouraging violent participation transition to nonviolent conflict.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a store between states.
Not anymore.
It's now a conflict between the state and actors.
For example, from the 200 peace arrangements signed between 1975 and 2011, 1966 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- even we should engage them or defeat them in any process of solving success.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
Armed fight and politicians are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global worldview.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Hebrew Heigor, known by their violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Heiberg has also established a political game, a network of social services and military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hall, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also managed the Gaza de Gaza since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting up.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels website websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, printed English and published to reconstruct.
armed groups also invest in a complex recovery of funds, but through regimented business -- for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, manage hospitals, put professional training programs or microbial.
Heline provides all these services and more.
Armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't grow -- safety and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan who was torn by the war or even the beginning of the ISIS ascent can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of the Palestinian Hamas cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario. Even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we only think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or vision of the long term.
These groups are hypothesis.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, engaging in violent fight and giving governance.
And the more complex and more sophisticated things are these organizations, less we can categorize them as a whole state.
How do you call a group like Heiberg?
They done part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collected the garbage -- they managed the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a released group.
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is IIIS?
The lines are depressed.
We live in a world of states, from nations without state and hybrids and the more weak the states, like in the Middle East today, more intervene and filled that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that governance gap has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consume peace.
If we better understand armed groups, we will understand better what incentives offer to promote the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum of security, to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very motivators, but I fear that accepting the female tag would be unfair for females.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And so I was self-driving as a bad feminist for me.
Or at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Female Food, and then in interviews, people started calling me the Male Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke to myself and a deliberate proposition, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was a young man, especially in my youth and 20 years, I had strange ideas about females, these furry women, angry with the men and hate sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was concerned about the tone that I was using the people when I insisted that it could be feminist for us.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation. A word and dense words.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that released woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and moreover, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are inevitable." Women are equal to men.
And we deserve the same decline for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use the anti-construction and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need of legislative control or degradable documents.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to consider our other identity.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sex, social conditions, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are obvious, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of me.
I have another conflict.
When I drive to work, I hear music rap music to all volume.
Although the letter gave women to the women, and I was sort of offended to me, the classic "James Sharad of the Einstein English Twitter is incredible.
"Make reality with your poster-to-dollars lamb.
Persia, day, move until he hurts your concert."
Think about it.
Purpose poetry, right?
I'm completely driven by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the reconstruct of trash, the care of the grass and the maintenance maintenance of the capital.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Ballet and the Romantic comedy. And I have fantasies of the fairy tales that are made.
Some of my crimes are more disappointed.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge me.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confronting so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose them.
We solved this problem.
I reject conventional feminist that has ignored or developed historically the needs of color women, workers and hospitals and transgendered women, hotel and middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good females I'm a very bad feminist for me.
The next thing happens: As a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put fantastic females on a pedestrian.
We hope they will go to perfection.
When we go down, we retreat them with a lot of taste from the same pedestrian where we put them.
As I said, I am a mess. I already consider that the pedestrian before you try to get me there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid of being labeled as females.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yeah, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means by fear of not being able to meet with the little realistic expectations.
Let's take Beatrice, or like I call it, the God.
It is a called feminist in the last few years.
In the Museum of Music Aristotle Ariela in MTV, I agreed in front of the word "food for three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star embrace the feminist and make women know and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics started under endless arguments whether Berkeley was or not exactly feminist either.
They called their feminism, rather than simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand female performance, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot of us -- we need so carefully a lot.
We go too much beyond the sensible and constructive critic to design the feminist of any woman, destroying it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist or rather, a feminist more inclusive is the point of parties.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our implications to realize stories, to go to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we take the change effectively affecting their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why has his music that will be so played?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justified this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave.
You appreciate it by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is being violated as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is about the sex violence against women as sports, it goes the Turkey game.
We can change the radio radio when we heard songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to movie elsewhere, when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers like back shows.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until its publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also tell us to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making conditions.
Because we're not low people. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions -- our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the power and producers of film and music, CEOs, legislations, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create lasting and meaningful change.
We can also confidently match our feminist way, well, bad, or any tool.
The last line of my book "Mallet Female: "I would say, "I'd rather be a bad feminist not to be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and the feminist helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids were doubled when I was too young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was anything.
I began to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all, I didn't think I could say something that could matter.
But -- I was writing.
And I went back to write it.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me, and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if it was a little bit courageous, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when it takes more of such a value.
Right after Christmas, last year, 23 children in California, they had a measles for having visited Dinosaurly or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Evan.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a drinking immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Dishan outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something allegedly worse, autism autism.
But about a moment, wasn't the article that unleashed the controversy of autism and developed vaccines, decreased and marked by being a French depressed by the British Medical Journal" British?
Doesn't most intelligent scientists think that vaccines cause autism is a supermass?
I think most of you know, but millions of fathers around the world are still afraid that vaccines put their children to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and the pediatrician that I had heard about it, they create the whole professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed only three or four children per 10,000 children per 100,000.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers started shooting out.
And the funding organizations like autism Spark are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could connect from another child in Dindergarten.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Colore Control Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases as "properties of empty diagnostic and a better case detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't diffuse a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks on the face of his two-year-old son -- the visual contact of his son.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less to do with slow and careful progress of science than the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzi, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1947, Kennedy published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, by encouraging people around their surroundings, even their own parents.
They could fun for hours by adding their hands to their faces, but they were predictable from the panic for mind as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while collecting references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because Karl criteria for autism diagnosis were very resistant.
For example, destroying that diagnosis to kids, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
Once he was complaining that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not crossed.
It classified autism as a form of child psychotic caused by cold and disappointed parents.
These kids, he said, have been careful in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that manage in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before they were two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite discussions, he correctly said, "Betries.
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills -- climbing things like kids were simply recording what they had heard of their parents, desperate for winning their approval.
As a result, autism became source for the families, and two generations of autistic kids were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kanzi that autism was weird.
Alerthe Wing, psychological psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the Mandela national mothers was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affected, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susse.
Alan and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susse without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
In order to defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, Arnan and his colleague Judy Google decided to do something that should have been 30 years before.
They did an autism prevalence study in the general population.
They prevented a suburb of London called Carrie to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What they saw left that the Kanzi model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful, diverse and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, while others were cooled in their fascination by astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the general generation.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice, and they were assembled, as Judith said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the Kanzi model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How didn't anybody notice these kids before?
But then Alan found a reference to a plane published in German in 1947, the next year to the Kanzi article -- and then forget, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that no one wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided collaborating in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Alli spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document provides an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who led an integrated clinic with an integrated school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
Apple ideas for teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of music exercises with music, and kids follow their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Appressant described it as a police discussion of life that required supermassive support of support and adapted spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Appressant called them their little teachers, and they were able to help in the development of education methods that were particularly suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger's saw autism as a continuous diversity that was carrying a surprising variety of donor and disability.
He believed that autism and autism traits were common and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture as the social scientist awkward and the distracted professor.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Alan and Judy found that Kanzi was wrong that autism was influential, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked with the American Association of Psychologist to expand the contractions of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum."
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into vegetable, by replacing the limited model of Kanzi by a broad and including Apple.
These changes did not fall in broken rock.
Capable, when Arthur and Judy worked between baseliness to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before he came out of "Rain Man: In 1988, just a little circle, collapsed by experts knew what was the autism, but after the inevitable performance of Doug Hoping Holocaust like Rome Babbage and the recognition of "Rain Man: Perinsons, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use the autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Rain Man: The changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnoses started to rise up, just as Ardon and Judy predicted -- they actually hoped that it were, getting people with autism and their families eventually get the support and services that they deserve.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines by increasing the diagnosis, a simple, powerful, creative history as bad as the Kanzi theory that autism was influential.
If the current estimates of the prevention center that one in 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances, acting the term neuroscientists to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way of understanding neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from a deficit deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, who believed that the "property for the most exciting aspects of autism are in understanding teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Rose Zaman once said, "We need all the hands in charge to deliver the ship of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
